Paul Lee 이풍호English 446 Final ExamProfessor Elaine OsioSeptember 1, 1992------------------------------------------------------------- "Fate" of Characters in Great Expectations,Middlemarch, and Tess of the D'Urbervilles  In Tess of the D'Urbervilles, Great Expectations, and Middlemarch, "Fate" appears as a device of characterization in various forms. Victorian writers like Thomas Hardy, Charles Dickens, and George Eliot used fateful incidents to control their characters' own destiny in the novels. Hardy describes late-Victorian morality through Tess's fate which appears in the form of nature and inheritance. Environment and Tess's family affect Tess's fate throughout her entire life. Her misfortune reveals in many ways: her birth into Durbeyfield family; the death of the horse; rape by Alec d'Urberville; the episode of Tess's frequent attempts to confess to Angel; putting unintentionally her letter beneath the carpet; the death of her farther; her killing Alec; and the too-late return of Angel.Tess, who is represented as "A Pure Woman" in the subtitle of Tess, is the major character of the novel. The novel is about Tess's growth and development from a simple, country girl to a complex woman in the very limited family which, especially, her mother looks forward to relationship with a Lee 2 rich family, d'Urberville. Tess's loyalty fateful tragedy appears through her permanent love to Angel and her brief affair with Alec does not lessen inherent soul. Her loyalty to the man who she loves and her life represent her strong will of forbearance and nobility.In Great Expectations, Pip is described as an orphan who never saw his parents. Dickens physically portraits Pip who moves from a frightened and selfish innocence to the arrogance and simulation of being a manufactured gentleman. Pip's fate starts early in his childhood. He is raised by his sister, not by his parents, in the village where he can visit his parents' graves. The novel tells us that he associates with Miss Havisham and is fascinated by Estella, his great expectations, and finally becomes a good man. Pip's comic, tragic, full of bitter pathos and haunting memories of childhood is about the selfish youth as a Victorian melodrama.In George Eliot's Middlemarch, Edward Casaubon, Dorothea's first husband, is a pitiable character, whose life was attempting to achieve a goal. While Dorothea is interested in the serious-minded, middle aged scholar Casaubon, Edward himself proposes marriage in order to get a company for his aging years with Dorothea who seems to have a serious mind and excellent virtues in the idealistic way.  Lee 3  According to his cousin, Will Laidislaw, Casaubon is very dull and unsympathetic character.Casaubon's life can be defined that he is too ambitious and his intellect is mediocre. Inabilities on his study acts as a fate in whole life. Thus the fear of humiliation makes him continue studying and working on a book which can not be published successfully. Since his scholarly pride is wholly unrealistic, his unproductable effort makes Dorothea feel miserable. Here, we can see that Casaubon's inevitable fate reveals it's limit which Dorothea dislikes. Casaubon lives a tragic fate. He suffers humiliation from others. Consuming time and his energy, he maintains his pitiable life.