나의 영문 장시MODERN POETRY, no. 1, 1996 (ISSN 1089-1587)  Poem for Sa-ee-gu - April 29th Los Angeles Riots By Paul Lee (청산 이풍호)   " It was not a day of celebration, but a day of reflection . . . a day of reflection about where we have been, where we are now and where we should go." -Marcia Choo   The day came to us again Passing through the dark Where we were sighing, moaning, Dying and loving. The day came and awakened us To remember vividly. Burning, looting, beating, Shooting, suffering and dying were happening in our ambitious reality. I remember you and I were almost lost in flames Of the whole, impulsive city of the Angels. At first we were the innocents Who came to this land of opportunity, Land of freedom. I mean that land We love to live in our brighter life.  Who ruined our hopes And land where we have united To prevail over our enemies? You and I are not enemies, but victims Of the bitterness and pessimism Of modern society.  I would like to tell you now: Love and peace can come true And we can also get along. Justice can surely help us Build our healthy minds, bodies and society. We certainly know every one needs to rebuild Our relationships, life and communities.  Sa-ee-gu awakened the American dream Most of us have not made our own yet. But sorrow for the destroyed dream cried already. Can we fully bloom our life again In this neighborhood and in this city With all good people? Chingu, brother and amigo, you answer me. Answer me so tenderly and truly. Another day has come for us To reconcile and sing together, pray together. To pray together, break down the wall Between you and me. To understand each other, Let us exchange our sincere minds.  And communicate. Share. Heal. Comfort. Love. Reconcile. Draw water, which is not dried up, From the deep bottoms of our hearts, To have our dreams flow well Into the mainstream And to have them come true  In this once our promised land. Today will be the beginning Of our brighter future Because the day has come to us again, And you and I know much better.  Last year this time, We experienced real hell; Today every one is ready to sing. Praising today, we again believe, trust in God. Each one of us needs Togetherness and friendliness To understand, communicate and share And to heal, comfort, love and reconcile In the way that we are really supposed to do. Togetherness. Friendliness. They mean a lot to us. Remember again, since then, you have been learning What friendliness really means.  My chingu, brother and amigo, I tell you We can make our dreams come true tomorrow. As "United we live, divided we die," Let us unite Lest we should have another tragedy Like Sa-ee-gu. Lest we should have other odysseys of Sa-ee-gu. We the Korean Americans can never forget the day. Sa-ee-gu ruined the roads Of our frontier life remaining still  Between the uncertain and settled societies. Edward Lee was shot down And so buried, remembered in our life everlasting. God sent us to this world Where you, too, came and come to live. You can go to any place you like As we came and come to this beautiful land. If God excuses our conflicts, Can we break down the wall And get along forever?  Let us draw water From the deep bottoms of our hearts, And then we can get along. The American dream is not only exactly same to us But also accomplished yet. Now I am interested in you, Brother and amigo, more than anyone. I can make a promise to God, My country, family and chingu To try to help all of you. Since we have been on the roads Of the American dream, You and I should reach those goals We have been dreaming about.  The day came passing among us; We are healed, recovered and relieved. We are helped, refreshed and reborn. Now we start to flow into the ocean  As a river of reconciliation Where everything melts in oneness. As you know now we are one people Of this one nation, we are victims no more. We will never hate again, And then we will live together In harmony in this one society.  Who will say our ties are wrong? Who will stand for the opposite side against us? Let us not lose our time To rebuild our communities. Let us not lose our hopes To make our dreams come true. Let us not neglect our duties To our nation, society and families. Let us do what is right. Let us hail the Americans To heal our pain scarred for life. Then we can make a difference for all of us As citizens, residents and whatever status we have. Can I prevail upon you to talk a little longer with me? Yes, we can make our quality of life better When you again break down the wall between us And I, too, draw water From the deep bottoms of our reconciling hearts. "Love and Hate Are necessary to Human existence." So love, do not hate! In Love we can keep singing together And accomplish our American dream.  -April 1993  -------------------------- Sa-ee-gu: April 29 (Sa-ee-gu 사이구 4.29) Los Angeles riots that took place in and around Koreatown in Los Angeles on April 29, 1992 after the first trial of four police officers who beat motorist Rodney G, King. The riots left 58 people dead, 2,383 injured and caused more than $785 million in property damage as the worst urban rioting of the century. we can... get along: quoting from Rodney G. King's press conference during Sa-ee-gu riots. chingu: friend in Korean language. "United . . . die": quoting from Korean President Rhee Syngman's (1875-1965) political statement after Korea's liberation from Japanese domination (1910-45). Dr. Rhee cited this as 6th century B.C. Greek fabulist Aesop's similar observation on hanging together. The allusion is to the Aesop's The Four Oxen and the Lion: "United we stand, divided we fail." Edward Lee: A Korean American college student, whose name is Jae-sung Lee and volunteered as a member of the Korean Youth Emergency Rescue Team, died by the mistaken shooting during the spring riots. "Love . . . existence": quoted from William Blake's (1757-1827) The Argument in The Marriage of Heaven and Hell.  ------------------------------------------------------------------------- (참고사항) LA Riots Special: Voices from the Past   On April 29th 1992, a predominantly white jury acquitted four LAPD officers in the videotaped beating of a black man named Rodney King. That evening existing unrest in Los Angeles, sparked by the verdict, resulted in the outbreak of an all-out riot that lasted five days. A total of 53 people died: 25 blacks, 16 Latinos, 8 whites, 2 East Asians and 2 West Asians. Approximately 3,600 fires were set, destroying 1,100 buildings. About 10,000 people were arrested. Stores owned by Korean and other Asian immigrants were widely targeted, although stores owned by whites and blacks were also targeted. Three days after the violence began, President George H W Bush an announcement to deploy federal troops. The Rodney King verdict triggered a violent response among residents. But what were the riots really about? Few in the media or government stopped to consider the extreme poverty, unemployment, and rampant police brutality in South Los Angeles, or anger over the tragic shooting of Latasha Harlins by a Korean grocery store owner in 1991. The videotaped beating of Rodney King was the spark that set the fire. We heard what the president said about the riots. We also hear the voices of LA residents. A day after the announcement of the Rodney King verdict, KPFK reporter Nancy Clark spoke to many residents in and around South Los Angeles, including children, to get their reaction to what was happening. The interaction between the white reporter and mostly black residents is very instructive. >>www.uprisingradio.org/.../rodneyking.jpg uprisingradio.org/home/?p=1467  HonoluluTimesHonolulu Timesmy poem: "Poem for Sa-ee-gu (April 29th Los Angeles Riots)" on the day of 19th anniversary http://bit.ly/j8RzS6