betweensNUS, Washington University jointly open new research institute to address social challengesPublished on February 23, 2015 at 7:03 AM · No Comments         in Share.                Leading experts and gerontologists from Asia and the United States to meet and discuss issues relating to ageing-in-place and older adults at the Institute's inaugural conference The National University of Singapore (NUS) Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences has partnered the Washington University in St. Louis (WUSTL) to set up a dedicated research institute - the Next Age Institute (NAI) - to study, design and test social innovations to address complex social issues surrounding families, communities and societies in Singapore and around the world. Dr Amy Khor, Singapore Senior Minister of State for Health and Manpower, graced the official launch ceremony as the Guest-of-Honour. The event was held this morning at the NUS University Town. The new NAI will be helmed by Associate Professor Chia Ngee Choon and Associate Professor Corinne Ghoh from the NUS Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences, and Professor Michael Sherraden from WUSTL, who is also the S R Nathan Professor at the NUS Department of Social Work. Please refer to the Annex for their profiles. Assoc Prof Chia, NAI co-Director (NUS), said, "Our years of good working relationship with the Washington University in St. Louis spanned more than two decades. Today, we are delighted to further strengthen our collaboration and friendship with WUSTL through the NAI, which will bring together multidisciplinary and international expertise of both universities to find innovative solutions to address complex issues relating to ageing and caregiving. NAI will also promote knowledge exchange and learning opportunities between faculty members and students of both universities. We hope that the work of NAI will benefit communities in Singapore, the US and beyond." Added Assoc Prof Ghoh, NAI co-Director (NUS), "Singapore is one of the fastest ageing countries in the world and we can expect the number of seniors above 65 years old in Singapore to increase threefold by 2030. Societies like ours will face social and economic issues of longevity. The establishment of NAI is therefore timely and necessary to look into this complex social phenomenon. By embarking on research in both Singapore and the United States, NAI can compare strategies, test bed solutions and inform policy innovations in Asia and the West." Professor Michael Sherraden, NAI Director (WUSTL) said, "Washington University in St. Louis is very pleased to begin the Next Age Institute (NAI) partnership with the National University of Singapore. In the coming years, NAI will focus on social innovations that can address large issues in 21st century societies, including aging, globalised labour markets, and rising inequality. We will learn from each other, and from other countries around the world." Transdisciplinary approach to address complex issues relating to ageing Researchers at NAI will seek to address the challenges and opportunities presented by trends such as the changing global context-ageing populations, globalisation of markets, rising inequality, and the advent of information technologies. It will embrace a transdisciplinary approach involving different disciplines of study, including social work, economics, social sciences, law, nursing, medicine, public health, engineering and architecture, in its research and social innovation projects. NAI will also work together with policy makers, professionals in respective fields of practice, healthcare and social service providers, to enhance deliberations and ideas in social innovation and work towards deriving solutions which will be creative, robust and rigorous.  Related Stories•Kaiser Permanente hospitals have better nurse work environments compared to other hospitals•Major turnkey refurbishment project at Weston General Hospital•Connexient, RWJUH announce public launch of MediNav Navigator Edition 2.0 Pilot study on transition of care for older persons from acute to post-acute care services NAI's first project is a collaborative effort with the Centre for Social Development Asia at the NUS Department of Social Work, where it will be working in partnership with three restructured hospitals in Singapore - namely, Singapore General Hospital, Changi General Hospital and Tan Tock Seng Hospital - to pilot test a research on transition of care for older persons from acute to post-acute care services. The pilot study will commence in the second half of the year for some 30 families. In this study, a multidisciplinary team of researchers in NUS from disciplines including economics, social work, public health, geography and business will work with the hospitals. The pilot study aims to examine the feasibility of conducting a prospective, longitudinal study that traces the pathways of formal and informal care support for older persons and their family members over a 12-month period. The researchers will review the findings and direct the second phase of the research. The research from the longitudinal study will throw some light on findings such as the pattern of care pathways of older patients discharged from inpatient care, their needs, and the support available. These are the fundamental information which researchers have to ascertain before more research can be conducted to answer the question of service efficacy, effectiveness and cost issues. The findings will be shared and disseminated. Discussions and consultations will be held with policy makers and stakeholders. NAI will also be embarking on other research projects, which include examining alternative options for financing retirement needs of home-owning elderly in Singapore, and contributing to deliberations on pensions and retirement at the upcoming 2015 Singapore Economic Review Conference which will be held in August 2015. Besides spearheading research projects conducted by NUS and WUSTL faculty and graduate students, NAI will also organise and support outreach events to engage public and private stakeholders in the development of social innovation and practice. Leading gerontologists from Asia and US discuss ageing issues in two-day conference held in Singapore In conjunction with the launch, NAI is holding an inaugural conference titled "Older Adults in Community: Capacities and Engagement for Ageing-in-Place" on 23 and 24 February 2015. More than 250 policy makers, academics, students, healthcare and social service providers attended the opening of the conference today. During the conference, experts and leading gerontologists from Asia and the United States will be discussing issues related to ageing in place, including family care-giving, social support and social services, care environment and social engagement of older adults.  Source:  National University of Singapore   www.southville.edu.ph Get an excellent education at one of the best international schools in the Philippines! Southville International School and Colleges (SISC) ensures their students of all ages to be globally equipped through excellent education. By being WASC accredited, ISO accredited, IBO authorized world school, Microsoft IT Academy certified partner, and having an international based curriculum, SISC is undoubtedly one of the best international schools in the Philippines.  SISC provides basic education that covers Kinder to Year 12 to developing learners, preparing them to make a difference in the future through an active way of instruction and innovative, challenging, and relevant curriculum. As one of the top international schools in Manila, young students will have an active and value-focused learning experiences at an early age.  SISC also offers college education to hone the students’ skills and competency. These higher education offerings are: BS Accountancy; BS Nursing; AB Mass Communication; AB Multimedia Arts course; BS Tourism; BS Information Technology course; BS Psychology; BS Entrepreneurship; BS Education with focus on Special Education; BS Entrepreneuship, BS Business Administration and Business Management course with major in Marketing Management, Human Resource Management and Financial Management.http://www.southville.edu.ph/opencms/opencms/Southville/v2/Webpages/About/StudentSpotlight/Thae.html Achievements: •Prior to his graduation from SISC, Thae Hoon An qualified for college admission in 8 international universities (Georgia Institute of Technology, Purdue University, University of California - Los Angeles, University of California - Berkeley, University of Illinois, University of Michigan, University of Minnesota, and University of Texas)  •He is currently a Chemical Engineering student in University of California, Berkeley    Southville Milestones: •Class Valedictorian, International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma Programme Class of 2011   •Best in Theory of Knowledge  •Best in Extended Essay  •Best in Korean A1 Standard Level (SL)  •Best in English A2 High Level (HL)  •Best in History (SL)  •Best in Mathematics (HL)  •Best in Physics (HL)  •Best in Chemistry (SL)  •Consistent recipient of Gold Academic Excellence Award from Grades 8 to 10      Excerpts from Thae Hoon An's Valedictory Speech:   "August 24, 2009 is one of the most meaningful days in my 20 years of existence. It was the first day of my IB Diploma Programme experience in Southville. Two years ago, I was just a young boy who had an obscure ambition to be a chemical engineer someday in the future. Although I did not have knowledge on what the IB was and how it worked, I had a strange feeling in my heart that it would clearly show me the way and guide me to achieving my aspiration."   "After going through two years of intensive and truly international standard of education, I can proudly say that I was right. I am sure that all the graduates feel the same. IB Diploma Programme not only gave us firm conviction towards our goals, but also made us become knowledgeable and rightful citizens of the world. The curriculum and assessments including Extended Essay and Theory of Knowledge that required painstaking researches made us excel in academics. Furthermore, Creativity, Action and Service made us become mature and aware of social and global issues and develop a habit of contributing our efforts to society and the world."   "Graduates! There is one task that we should always keep in mind. We are the representations of Southville’s education. While we may have met some challenges and difficulties along the way, we are still the products of this school. Hence, we must work hard and push ourselves to bring pride and glory to our alma mater. The reputation of the school is built by our own hands. Also, we must remember that making a difference and practicing a culture of excellence are the marks of true Southville students." Off-campus, students are encouraged to still actively engage in learning. A learning management system is maintained to allow students Internet access to notes, assignments, quizzes and other learning materials. As a Microsoft IT Academy, students can avail of the Microsoft E-learning program to further their professional skills. Parents of students are invited to be an active member in the community through e-mailed student reports and the upcoming parent/student portal. Southville International School and Colleges (SISC) is the only international school in the Philippines offering a complete array of educational programs officially recognized as an educational institution of international character based on the Republic Act (R.A.) No. 9493. Propelled by its main thrust of providing the highest quality standards of education to learners, SISC keeps in constant pursuit of excellence in instructional-related matters, research, and community services. SISC delivers excellent grade school, high school, IB and college education and is one of the leaders in the Philippines.   Among the many reasons why students choose to study in SISC besides its complete educational offerings are its internationally-benchmarked curricula and learner needs-responsive programs that facilitate the students’ adjustment to their new environment. In fact, students from non-English speaking countries in Asia choose to enroll in the International Baccalaureate Program of SISC not just because of the comparatively lower school fees but because it is managed by a team of competent educators who have been trained in various parts of the world to ensure that the culture of each person is kept in SISC’s community of cultural diversity while acquiring excellent academic education.  As one of the top international schools in Manila, SISC employs innovative and internationally-benchmarked curricular offerings in College taking into account crucial factors in the job market to prepare all types of learners of various nationalities and cultures for global competitiveness. The astute academic and character building programs in all levels including high school, grade school and preschool make it facile for the students to successfully hurdle all school requirements including social and environmental adjustment anywhere in the world.  Furthermore, the curricula in College, High School, Grade School, and Preschool are supported by various special academic achievement enhancement programs such as English as Second Language (ESL), Tutorials, and the INNOVE which allows students to finish their curricular programs on-line or on mixed-mode media. (More of this in the Academic Section) HISTORICAL BACKGROUND histoSouthville International School and Colleges (SISC) was founded in 1990 as Southville International School (SIS) in a simple single-storey building (Elizalde Campus) meeting the basic requirements of the Department of Education, Culture and Sports (DECS). With two students and five teachers, SISC was initially recognized as a "Special School for the Intellectually Gifted." SISC graduates have an excellent track record in gaining acceptance into top local and foreign universities. This long-standing tradition was started by the first two enrollees who studied Kinder up to High School at SISC. Both students eventually graduated with honors from top world-ranked universities in England. Grounded by its commitment to global excellence, Southville International School and Colleges (SISC) has no centuries of existence to take pride in as yet but its remarkable achievements speak of how it is now and in the years to come. SISC’s strength largely lies in academics most notably in the excellent passing rate of its courses with licensure exams, community service, innovative programs, and internationally-benchmarked curricula that have proven responsive to the needs of the students, the community, and the industry. Among the school’s numerous accreditations and recognitions are: • Internationally Accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (W.A.S.C.-USA) (K-12)• ISO 9001-2008 Certified• International Baccalaureate (I.B.) Authorized World School (Geneva, Switzerland)• Recognized by the Department of Education as a “School of the Future”• Recognized as a school of International Character through the promulgation of Philippine Republic Act 9493  CURRENTLY From offering preschool at Elizalde campus in 1990, SISC eventually expanded to offer lower (grade) school, upper (high) school, International Baccalaureate Degree program and college degree courses. Presently, SISC has five campuses:  the Elizalde Campus which offers Nursery to Grade 2 and I.N.N.O.V.E. Education Solutions, the Munich Campus which houses Nursery to Grade 5 students, the Luxembourg  Campus which houses Grades 6 to Grade 11 students, Luxembourg CAA Campus for the College students and the Tropical Campus which houses Grade 12 and IB, some college classes, the Scholastic Reading Center, The Capital Market and Entrepreneurship Center, the Taylor Training Center, the  I.N.N.O.V.E classes and other function rooms. SISC College Division offers the following degree courses: •  AB Mass Communication•  AB Media Arts•  BS Accountancy•  BS Business Administration Major in:     -Financial Management     -Human Resource Management     -Marketing Management•  BS Entrepreneurship•  BS Information Technology•  BS Nursing•  BS Psychology•  BS Tourism•  Bachelor of Elementary Education with specialization in Special Education (SpEd) Double Degree Courses:•  BSBA Marketing Management with BS Entrepreneurship•  BSBA Human Resource Management with BS Psychology U.S. WORK AND TRAVEL The U.S Work and Travel (U.S WAT) Program is a cultural exchange program of the U.S State Department that allows current full-time college students of any course, 18-25 years old and preferably in their second or third year level, to enter the United States and meet new people, learn about us culture while working in a private company during their summer break and at the end of their work experience, have the opportunity to travel in the us. In turn, in the true nature of a cultural exchange program, the participant will enrich the lives of other people by giving them the chance to learn about each other’s culture and country. In SISC, students who participated in the U.S Work and Travel Program get academic credits in their practicum subject. Dictionary.com &raquo; Word FAQs &raquo; Differences What is the difference between affect and effect? As a verb, to affect means 'to act upon or have an influence on', as in "Sunless days affect my mood." It can also mean 'to make a show of; to put on a pretense of; to feign; to assume' as "to affect ignorance." To effect means 'to bring about or create' as in "to effect a change." If you affect something, you do to it. If you effect something, you cause it to be. Advertising might affect the sales of widgets (by causing them to increase), or it can effect sales (bring them about) if, for example, there were no sales at all to begin with. As a noun, effect means 'result, consequence, outcome'. An effect is that which is produced when you affect something: "The poem affected me deeply; it really had an effect on me." Affect as a noun is a term from the field of psychotherapy meaning 'the emotional complex associated with an idea or mental state'. Keep in mind that usually if you want a noun, the word you want is effect, but if you want a verb, the word you want is affect.