Big Bang Theory  2012,4, 27, :10:42  2:2                    10:46 5:2                    10:51 5:2(8회말)  313500-26800Our whole universe was in a hot dense state,Then nearly fourteen billion years ago expansion started. Wait...The Earth began to cool,The autotrophs began to drool,Neanderthals developed tools,We built a wall (we built the pyramids),Math, science, history, unraveling the mysteries,That all started with the big bang! "Since the dawn of man" is really not that long,As every galaxy was formed in less time than it takes to sing this song.A fraction of a second and the elements were made.The bipeds stood up straight,The dinosaurs all met their fate,They tried to leap but they were lateAnd they all died (they froze their asses off)The oceans and pangeaSee ya, wouldn't wanna be yaSet in motion by the same big bang! It all started with the big BANG! It's expanding ever outward but one dayIt will cause the stars to go the other way,Collapsing ever inward, we won't be here, it wont be hurtOur best and brightest figure that it'll make an even bigger bang! Australopithecus would really have been sick of usDebating out while here they're catching deer (we're catching viruses)Religion or astronomy, Encarta, DeuteronomyIt all started with the big bang! Music and mythology, Einstein and astrologyIt all started with the big bang!It all started with the big BANG!   1.87 :1.79 Big Bang Theory 슬픈 현상 휴지같은 생각후렴 refrain 되돌림표 100The Big Bang Theory actress,Penny is a fictional character on the CBS television series The Big Bang Theory, portrayed by American actress Kaley Cuoco. Penny is the primary female character on the show, befriending her across-the-hall neighbors Leonard Hofstadter (Johnny Galecki) and Sheldon Cooper (Jim Parsons), two physicists who work at the nearby Caltech University. Penny's lack of advanced education but outgoing personality drastically contrast the personalities of the primary male characters in the series, even though she is considered part of their group. She also is the love interest of Leonard, whom she dates during the third and fifth seasons.저녁 하늘빛에도 빅뱅이 시작된 이후나도 너도 빅뱅이후 어느 우연한 인연으로 태어난 빅뱅스타같은 여인을 구합니다  http://www.poemlove.co.kr/bbs/board.php?bo_table=tb11&wr;_id=6725