bioart 나는 사실은 타고난 바이오아티스트다 어릴적부터 동네앞 방죽에서 매일 죽을 치며매일 나의 상상의 날개를 타고 연을 타고 동네의 언덕을 오르며 더 큰 세게로 나가는 꿈을 꾸었다나의세게에는 모든 시간들이 일어선다 바람첢 구름처러 혹은 눈처럼 나는 일어난다 다시눈비 않으려고 눕지 않으려고 바람은 다시 눕지 않는다 강타한다 나는 오늘도  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AyMUjZ6Lmm0                  Share with LinkedIn                     	              NEW YORK, Nov. 2 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Liz Lerman Dance Exchange, an internationally recognized contemporary dance company, has been awarded a MetLife Foundation grant for $125,000 to create the MetLife Foundation Healthy Living Initiative at Liz Lerman Dance Exchange. This national program is designed to meet the growing demand for the skilled integration of art and artistic methods into the medical and health/wellness fields. Arts integration improves the quality of the healthcare experience for patients, their families, and the health professionals who serve them. Accredited healthcare institutions with arts programs have reported benefits such as shorter hospital stays, less medication, and fewer complications. The MetLife Foundation Healthy Living Initiative at Dance Exchange incorporates three activities to expand access to arts programs for patients nationwide, including: artistic work with patients in healthcare settings, training of health professionals and caregivers in innovative artistic tools, and professional development for teaching artists who work with patients and caregivers.  "We are proud to partner with the Dance Exchange on this innovative arts in healthcare effort," said Dennis White, president and CEO of MetLife Foundation. "Our partnership on the Healthy Living Initiative is an extension of our commitment to making arts accessible to all and promoting dance as an art form that can enrich all our lives through creativity and excellence." "This generous support from MetLife Foundation will add a new chapter to our ongoing exploration of the question 'Who gets to dance?'" said Liz Lerman, Founding Artistic Director of Liz Lerman Dance Exchange and author of Teaching Dance to Senior Adults. "Sometimes art achieves what therapy, medicine, or the best care of health professionals cannot. Sometimes art even achieves something that's beyond the best intentions of the artist." About Liz Lerman Dance Exchange  Liz Lerman founded Liz Lerman Dance Exchange in 1976. Its unique brand of dance/theatre breaks boundaries between stage and audience, theater and community, movement and language, tradition and the unexplored. Through explosive dancing, personal stories, humor, and a company of performers whose ages span six decades, Liz Lerman Dance Exchange stretches the expressive range of contemporary dance. Its work consists of formal concerts, interactive performances, specialized community residencies, and professional training in the art of community-based dance. An artist-driven organization, Liz Lerman Dance Exchange employs a collaborative approach to dance making, administration, and implementation. Representing the multiple artistic voices of Liz Lerman Dance Exchange, current choreographic projects include explorations of coal mining, sustainable energy, genetic research, radical prayer, human rights, particle physics and geology. For more information, please visit www.danceexchange.org.  About MetLife Foundation  MetLife Foundation was established by MetLife to continue the company's long tradition of corporate contributions and community involvement. The Foundation supports programs that improve education, promote health, encourage parental involvement and family engagement, help revitalize neighborhoods and stress accessibility and inclusion. The Foundation contributes to arts and cultural organizations across the United States, with an emphasis on increasing opportunities for young people, reaching broad audiences through inclusive programming, and making arts more accessible for all people. For more information about the Foundation, please visit its web site at www.metlife.org.     Media Contacts:     Sarah Faria, MetLife    401-827-3906    sfaria@metlife.com      Ben Eiserike, Liz Lerman Dance Exchange    (301) 270-6700 ext. 13    beiserike@danceexchange.org      MetLife Foundation Contact:    Rohit Burman,    212-578-3194,    rburman@metlife.com    SOURCE MetLife Foundation     Liz Lerman       Lecturer in Drama   M.A. Liz Lerman is a choreographer, performer, writer, educator, and speaker. From a piece about her days as a go-go dancer in 1974 to a recent investigation of origins that included putting dancers in the tunnels of the Large Hadron Collider at CERN, she has spent the past four decades making her artistic research personal, funny, intellectually vivid, and up to the minute. A key aspect of her artistry is opening her process to various publics from shipbuilders to physicists, construction workers to ballerinas, resulting in both research and outcomes that are participatory, relevant, urgent, and usable by others. She founded Liz Lerman Dance Exchange in 1976 and cultivated the company's unique multi-generational ensemble into a leading force in contemporary dance until 2011, when she handed the artistic leadership of the company over to the next generation of Dance Exchange artists. Now she is pursuing new projects with fresh partnerships, including a recent semester at Harvard University as an artist-in-residence, and projects including Healing Wars, an investigation of the impact of war on medicine, to premiere at Arena Stage (DC) in 2014; the genre-twisting work Blood, Muscle, Bone with Jawole Willa Jo Zollar and Urban Bush Women; work in London with Sadler’s Wells Theatre and the London Sinfonietta; comic book structures as applied to narration in performance; and an online project called “The Treadmill Tapes: Ideas on the Move.” In 2013 she curated Wesleyan University's symposium "Innovations: Intersection of Art and Science,” bringing together teams of artists and scientists from North America to present their methods and findings. Hiking the Horizontal: Field Notes from a Choreographer, Liz’s collection of essays, was published in 2011 by Wesleyan University Press and will be released in paperback in 2014. Liz has been the recipient of numerous honors, including a 2002 MacArthur "Genius Grant" Fellowship and a 2011 United States Artists Ford Fellowship in Dance. Her work has been commissioned by Harvard Law School, the Lincoln Center, American Dance Festival, and the Kennedy Center among many others. Born in Los Angeles and raised in Milwaukee, Liz attended Bennington College and Brandeis University, received her BA in dance from the University of Maryland, and an MA in dance from George Washington University.    http://drama.yale.edu/facstaff/liz-lerman  http://danceexchange.org/rent-studio-space/ http://danceexchange.org/about/company/liz-lerman/   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3LSJVD0m1Mg  The Role of Art in the Genetic Age http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4lEXVFWaq4  https://cbhd.org/content/abortion-bioethics-and-personhood-philosophical-reflection     Post Date: 07/07/2002  Author:  D&oacute;nal P. O'Math&uacute;na, PhD     Genetics      Art has always played several roles in society, including that of commentator on social events and trends. For example, Jonathan Swift's satires, while entertaining, simultaneously critiqued those in power. Art also plays the role of underscoring what is important in a society or to the artist. The Sistine Chapel demonstrates the awe and wonder that Michelangelo and his society had for God. Today many are still deeply impacted by this masterful work. Art also raises awareness of issues that society might otherwise miss. For instance, stunning photographs of starving children bring home the plight of many who might otherwise be forgotten. Today artists play all of these roles when interfacing with genetics. Movies address controversial topics such as human cloning from a variety of vantage points, ranging from a light-hearted depiction of cloning undertaken by a person struggling to juggle his daily activities (Multiplicity) to scary images of multiple cloned Hitlers (The Boys of Brazil). Announcements of major biotechnology advances are often followed by cartoons that either applaud or satirize the developments. The double helix, Dolly the sheep, and other genetic symbols have become recognizable icons within society and its art.1 A current exhibition in Seattle captures much of the growing artistic interest in genetics.2 Several of the pieces depict creatures that genetic manipulation may produce. Some are simply curious; others, horrific. Many of the exhibits are humorous or thought-provoking, such as a set of pickled frogs wearing differently colored pants. In keeping with the traditional roles of art, such artwork raises awareness and furthers discourse. But genetic art can also promote ideological agendas. Movies with clones who are identical in every way promote the myth that clones could replace deceased loved ones. Similarly, when a movie portrays the grotesque failures of early biotechnology experiments (Alien Resurrection), the images do more to raise concerns about genetic developments than would a thousand words. Another emerging approach to art and genetics raises serious concerns. The Seattle exhibit includes the "GFP (green fluorescent protein) Bunny." The bunny's creator, Eduardo Kac, uses genetic technology to create his "art." Kac, Assistant Professor of Art and Technology at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, calls his approach "transgenic art," claiming this is just part of the move away from static art forms to new media that are active and interactive.3 The GFP Bunny is a living, genetically modified albino rabbit named Alba. When the rabbit was an embryo, it was micro-injected with the glowing jellyfish gene for green fluorescent protein (GFP). In daylight, Alba is a white rabbit. Under blue light, however, Alba glows a luminous shade of bright green. Scientists have inserted the glowing gene into several species for various research and therapeutic purposes. The creation of Alba marked the first time, however, that such an experiment was conducted for artistic purposes. Kac insists that the "GFP Bunny is a transgenic artwork and not a breeding project." He wants to raise the rabbit in his home and show that "transgenic animals are regular creatures that are as much a part of social life as any other life form." One of his goals is to show that humans are more similar to nonhumans than we like to admit. He claims this will be demonstrated through the bond he and his family will develop with Alba when she becomes their family pet (if this is permitted). Yet he fails to show why a genetically modified rabbit will demonstrate this any better than a normal rabbit. Rather than merely commenting on genetic technology, Kac's project itself widens the potential application of such technology. No longer, in his view, should gene insertion be limited to improving human health or increasing food production. Rather, Kac wants genetic manipulation to be viewed also as a form of artistic expression. In another project, Kac translated Genesis 1:28 into Morse Code and then into DNA sequences, which he then had produced so that he could experiment with them. Similar to throwing paint at a canvas, the transgenic artist throws genes at living organisms and then waits to see what happens. Is the act of creating some forms of art inherently unethical? Photography, probably more than any other art form, raises questions about an artist's ethical limits. Many view pornography as immoral because its creation and continued existence furthers the exploitation of its subjects. Similarly, the creation of a glowing rabbit exploits the rabbit without any apparent higher goal than satisfying someone's curiosity. Pornography, even as "art," is unethical, in part, because it glamorizes the unethical use--and abuse--of human sexuality. Transgenic art can similarly glamorize unethical uses of genetic technology and abuse of research animals. Transgenic art trivializes the level of justification needed for germ-line genetic manipulation. This will make it easier to justify such experiments with humans, which is one of Kac's goals. He has stated that, "the introduction of foreign genetic material in the human genome can be seen not only as welcome but as desirable." Art has value for the aesthetic reactions it elicits. Much of the subject matter within the field of genetics can function as art forms, eliciting awe and wonder. We should marvel at the structure of DNA, and how it came to exist and function so well. Art also plays an important role in raising awareness of societal trends and issues. How well does the Christian community use art to offer insightful cultural critiques? Are we encouraging Christian artists to use their gifts to express godly perspectives and to engage in public dialogue? Transgenic art is an example of art being high-jacked to further dangerous ideologies. Kac claims that no one can curtail the artist's imagination since the notion of absolute truth has been denounced. The artist no longer represents the creation or the Creator. Rather, the artist is Creator, with transgenic art allowing "the literal creation of and responsibility for life." One of Kac's goals is "to incorporate life invention" as a function of art. The power in genetics can breed arrogance among those who seek to manipulate the hereditary material of human beings and other species. Some scientists have succumbed to this, and transgenic art represents a broadening of the infection. Both genetics and art, under God's direction and Lordship, can be used to serve humanity and glorify God. But fallen humans want to use God's gifts to set themselves up as gods. Genetics and art, in an era of postmodern autonomy, seek to reject God and to glorify humanity. Ironically, in worshiping the creature instead of the Creator, human dignity will diminish and pain will ultimately abound (Romans 1:18-32).   1 Dorothy Nelkin and M. Susan Lindee, The DNA Mystique: The Gene as a Cultural Icon (New York: W. H. Freeman, 1995). 2 Steven Henry Madoff, "The Wonders of Genetics Breed a New Art", New York Times, May 26, 2002, accessed at http://www.nytimes.com/2002/05/26/arts/design/26MADO.html on June 21, 2002. 3 Eduardo Kac, "GFP Bunny," in Peter T. Dobrila and Aleksandra Kostic (eds.), Telepresence, Biotelematics, and Transgenic Art (Maribor, Slovenia: Kibla, 2000), 101-131. Accessed at http://www.ekac.org/gfpbunny.html on June 30, 2002.  https://cbhd.org/content/role-art-genetic-age  FROM THE LABORATORY TO THE STUDIO: INTERDISCIPLINARY PRACTICES IN BIO ART Dates and prices for 2015 programs will be available in January of 2015. From anatomical studies to landscape painting to the biomorphism of surrealism, the biological realm historically provided a significant resource for numerous artists. More recently, bio art has become a term referring to intersecting domains of the biological sciences and their incorporation into the plastic arts. Of particular importance in bio art is to summon awareness of the ways in which biomedical sciences alter social, ethical and cultural values in society.  Coming to the fore in the early 1990s, bio art is neither media specific nor locally bounded. It is an international movement with practitioners in such regions as Europe, the U.S., Russia, Asia, Australia and the Americas. Several sub-genres of bio art exist within this overarching term: 1) Artists who employ the iconography of the 20th- and 21st-century sciences, including molecular and cellular genetics, transgenically altered living matter, reproductive technologies and neurosciences. All traditional media, including painting, sculpture, printmaking and drawing are employed to convey novel ways of representing life forms. 2) Artists who utilize computer software, systems theory and simulations to investigate aspects of the biological sciences such as evolution, artificial life and robotics through digital sculpture and new media installations. 3) Artists employing biological matter itself as their medium, including processes such as tissue engineering, plant breeding, transgenics and ecological reclamation. This interdisciplinary residency will take place in the new Fine Arts Nature and Technology Laboratory located in the heart of New York City’s Chelsea gallery district. Participants will have access to all of the facilities. Each student will be assigned an individual workstation. In addition, the Nature and Technology Lab houses microscopes for photo and video, skeleton collections, specimen collections, slide collections, a herbarium and aquarium as well as a library. Demonstrations include microscopy, plant tissue engineering, molecular cuisine and the production of micro eco-systems. Field trips and visiting speakers will include artists, scientists and museum professionals. Students may work in any media including the performing arts. This residency will be led by artist Suzanne Anker, chair of the BFA Fine Arts Department at SVA; Brandon Balleng&eacute;e, bio-artist; and Joseph DeGiorgis, marine biologist. In addition, visiting speakers have included artists, scientists and museum professionals including Kathy High, Ingeborg Reichle, James Walsh, Jennifer Willet, Ellen D. Jorgensen, Oliver Medvedik, William Myers and Paula Hayes. NOTE: A portfolio is required for review and acceptance to this program. Residents who wish to borrow equipment from the Fine Arts Digital Lab are required to submit proof of insurance with rental endorsement, lisitng SVA as a co-insured. Participants will be held responsible for payment of any loss, theft or damage incurred to the equipment. For further information or questions regarding SVA's Summer Residencies e-mail residency@sva.edu or call 212.592.2188.  http://www.sva.edu/special-programs/summer-residency-programs/studio-residencies/from-the-laboratory-to-the-studio-interdisciplinary-practices-in-bio-art  http://io9.com/7-bio-artists-who-are-transforming-the-fabric-of-life-i-558156053  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BioArt https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=SymbioticA&action;=submit