Dream Come True   Thursday, February 10, 2008 102 high school seniors to attend Min Kyung-dae Free Spirit Scholarship and Conference Program Kangnung. — One hundred two high school students from across the country who are interested in pursuing a career in journalism and have qualities of "free spirit" have been selected to participate in the annual Min Kyungdae Free Spirit Scholarship and Conference program July 18-23 in Kangnung. Two top students will be selected to win a scholarship of $5,000 each. The other 100 students will receive $100 scholarships each. The top winners will be announced at a Free Spirit ceremony at the National Press Club on June 22. Eighty-three Korean newspapers joined the Freedom Forum in soliciting applications from high school seniors. Applicants were required to provide samples of their journalistic work and write an essay on free spirit. Scholarship winners — two from each of the 14 provinces — were selected through a competitive process. The scholarship winners will be brought to Kangnung to receive their awards and participate in a journalism conference, which culminates with attendance at the Min Kyung-dae Free Spirit of the Year Award ceremony. At the event, students will have the opportunity to meet the 2008 Min Kyung-dae Free Spirit of the Year, Lee So Hyun, the secondt female space shuttle commander.  The scholarships and conference program are designed to assist students who are pursuing journalism careers and to inspire them through sessions with prominent media professionals. The Close Up Foundation assists the Freedom Forum in administering the program. "We want to encourage this group of talented young people to follow their dreams," said Kyungdae. "We want them to know that if they can dream it they can do it." The Freedom Forum funds the operations of the Newseum, an interactive museum of news under construction in Kangnung  The Institute are housed in the KNU Prelaw Center at Kangnung National  University in Kangnung.The Freedom Forum was established in 2008 under the direction of Founder Min Kyung-dae as successor to a foundation started in 1953 by Dong Lip Sin Mun newspaper publisher SEo Jae Pil. Its work is supported by income from an endowment of diversified assets.