Emitting on the hard time   Let the snake wait under his weed and the writing be of words, slow and quick, sharp to strike, quiet to wait, sleepless. -through metaphor to reconcile the people and the stones. Compose. (No ideas but in things) Invent! Saxifrage is my flower that splits the rocks.     One of the most noticeable contributions of Williams to American Literature was his willingness to become a mentor for the upcoming young poets. Among his students, the most dynamic relationship he held with was with fellow New Jerseyite Allen Ginsberg. Though William loved the poetry works of his students, he did not like the influence he had on his fellow mates. After his death in the year 1963, a British publisher announced that he was going to publish some of Williams works. Williams was not recognized by the Britain during is lifetimes, the way he was accepted in United States. “A Sort Of a Song” is a simple and small poem. It just simply says that by any chance you wish to teach a lesson to anybody, the best way to make the person understand and memorize for a longer time is by showing him how to do it or get it done. It is as simple as practical classes being more effective than theoretical lectures. The initial phase of the poem, somehow tries to portray some deed that has already been done and is now deeply regretted. The poet has put that in a mixture of words. Just like being cautious as a snake who is slow, yet very quick in its movements and sharp with its bites, similarly the poet reflects about a mistake that happened, which was sharp enough to hurt. However, words are there that could fade away the hurt and reunite the situation and people. By feeling sorry and making apologies with wonderful and sweet words, one could make up for a broken relationship. Towards the last, the poet says that just like a sweet flower that splits from hard rocks; there is a smoothening and wonderful way out for any hard and tough problems. A simple and logical representation of making up with a mistake that is deeply regretted.   Advertisements:    Sweet potatoes are descended from the far away mountain, I think they like to stay truly one occasion Wake up sleeping in the hills   Thundering  hard time Sheds Pinwheel in a fall in the shadow of mountains we first met on th winding  night. Hugging the lost sleep for a little girl's dream Back to Strange hometown. Crying souls can not exceed the high mountains Finding  the time to rely on your body while the house standing nearby.  Luggages are   filled the house owner does not have to wind pavement and afterwards Only complaint of those times of the years under glass with black clouds, etc. I do not know why such thoughts will come from the bridge of rain Like a man waiting for a  godot that it does not apply to kids's ambition. The first  luminous thought  hasten to descend the mountain.