fox    Painting a picture requires skill and creative imagination. Many artists find inspiration in the natural world that surrounds them. They emulate nature and overwhelm us with fascinating images on canvas.Painting a picture with words also requires skill and creative imagination. A writer or poet will use words to create mental images that come alive in our minds. Many artists, writers and poets convey sensations and emotions in their work. Ted Hughes wrote the poem 'The Thought-Fox' emphasizing how important the imagination is when creating a picture with words. The fact that he calls it a 'thought-fox' reveals that the fox is not real; it is imaginary. The mind is as dark as a forest. There is a sense of mystery there. No-one knows what lies in the darkness ... The art of creating worthwhile results does not lie in skills alone. Even the most talented person has to put in a tremendous amount of effort to realize results. And for many writers and poets, a blank page can be rather intimidating. To get what is inside their head into the right words and onto paper is probably the most challenging of their efforts. In the first stanza we find the poet is sitting alone in a room. It is midnight. All he hears is the ticking of the clock. The page in front of him is blank because he has not yet been inspired. He has not yet seen the 'fox' in the forest of his mind. He looks out the window and sees no stars. He senses a mysterious living thing - 'something' that is present and near yet, hidden and unidentified. This living thing is the 'thought-fox' which metaphorically is the inspiration he needs to create his masterpiece. In the first line of the poem he reveals his expectations. He uses alliteration to emphasize the mystery that will be solved: I imagine this midnight moment's forest: Something else is alive ... He uses the imaginary fox to show how inspiration develops. Just like the fox emerges from the dark forest, inspiration (the fox) develops gradually and silently in the mind. There are so many impressions stored in the mind, almost as if hiding in camouflage in the sub-conscious, that when inspiration is needed it's like searching for a needle in the haystack. The fox comes out of hiding slowly and cautiously. First, the dark nose touches a twig and then a leaf. After that two enquiring eyes can be seen. The delicacy of cautious movement shows the imaginary animal's uncertainty: Two eyes serve a movement, that now And again now, and now, and now Sets neat prints into the snow ... The rhythm of the poem at the start is slow and in harmony with a midnight mood. The rhythm becomes broken and slightly jerky as the fox hesitantly emerges from the forest. The rhythm changes once the fox crosses the clearings. His movements are swift and flowing. The poet uses run-on lines from line 11 to 17 to give the poem the same rhythm. His creativity and imagination is described in words like 'brilliantly' and 'concentratedly'. His inspiration is now taking form; this is seen in the fox that is Coming about its own business The 'sudden sharp hot stink of fox' impresses upon the reader the wild and instinctive way in which the writer, once inspired, writes the poem. The poem ends with the repeated thought of a starless night. The alliteration emphasizes the stillness that is associated with the early morning hours of a new day. The clock ticking makes the reader aware that time has passed. And so a poem is written. The window is starless still; the clock ticks, The page is printed.   The Work“The Thought-Fox” appeared in Hughes’s first collection of poems, The Hawk in the Rain (1957), and is one of his most celebrated and anthologized poems. This poem contains many of the stylistic and thematic elements that have come to define Hughes’s poetry. In terms of Hughes’s poetic development, this poem was unmistakably his breakthrough, signaling his departure from the rhetorical and Metaphysical poetry and his movement toward mythmaking. The poem comprises a reverie by immediately invoking the imagination in the first line: “I imagine this midnight moment’s forest.” The alliteration in this line suggests a casting of a spell. The first stanza of this twenty-four-line poem arranged in quatrains evokes solitude; plainly, the writer is working late at night alone, the only sound being “the clock’s loneliness.” Beyond the writer’s domain of time and the blank page exists the primordial force of the imagination. The poet becomes actively aware of the approach of the nearness of the other or the imagination in the second stanza. The poet stands at literal and figurative thresholds: He stares at a blank page, which becomes the dark window, the starless sky, and then into the forest’s darkness. In the third stanza, the poet has crossed these various thresholds to make contact with this totem-figure of the unconscious or the imagination. Both the poet and the metaphorical fox are tentative in their approaches. The rhythm enacts the moment-by-moment movement of the reverie. The selection of simple words underscores the directness of the experience and the rhythm of the poem’s trancelike chant: “Two eyes serve a movement, that now/ And again now, and now, and now/ Sets neat prints into the snow.” The fourth stanza traces the movement of the fox through the trees. Gradually the blank, snowy page fills with print, the tracks of the thought-fox. The poem is simultaneously depicting the transcription of a poem from the imagination onto the page and describing the moment of inspiration. The fifth stanza is the most abstract while also seeking to convey the fullness and primordial magic of reverie as the poet is swept into the “deepening greenness,” or vitality, of the imagination. The force of the reverie overwhelms the poet, until the sudden physical presence and departure of the fox in the sixth stanza occurs: “Till, with a sudden sharp hot stink of fox/ It enters the dark hole of the head.” The imagination at this moment shows its immediacy and power; the fox is no longer a shadow but dangerously close before vanishing and leaving the page printed, scented with its presence, its territory marked. The imagination, for Hughes, is a primordial force; its presence is both creative and predatory. The poem implies that it is necessary, however, to engage these archaic powers if one is to write an authentic poetry.  http://vimeo.com/51998689