k-pop01 K-pop (an abbreviation of Korean Pop; Hangul: 케이팝; RR: kei-pap) is a musical genre originating in South Korea that is characterized by a wide variety of audiovisual elements. Although it comprises all genres of "popular music" within South Korea, the term is more often used in a narrower sense to describe a modern form of South Korean pop music covering: dance-pop, pop ballad, electronic, rock, metal,hip-hop music and R&B.; In 1992, modern K-pop was ushered in with the formation of Seo Taiji & Boys, whose successful experimentation with different music styles had sparked a paradigm shift in the music industry of South Korea. As a result, the integration of foreign musical elements has now become a common practice in the K-pop industry. As Korean pop culture is becoming a increasingly globalized phenomenon and globally popular in many parts of the world allows South Korea to utilize its pop cultural sector to access, tap and break into foreign entertainment markets. By tapping into social networking services and the video sharing platform YouTube, the K-pop industry's ability to secure a sizable overseas audience has facilitated a noticeable rise in the global proliferation of the genre. Since the mid-2000s, the K-pop music market has experienced double digit growth rates. In the first half of 2012, it grossed nearly US$3.4 billion and was recognized by Time magazine as "South Korea's Greatest Export". First gaining popularity in East Asia in the late 1990s, K-pop entered the Japanese music market towards the turn of the 21st century. In the late 2000s, it grew from a musical genre into a subculture among teenagers and young adults of East and Southeast Asia. Currently, the spread of K-pop to other regions of the world, via the Korean Wave, is seen in parts of Latin America, Northeast India, North Africa, the Middle East, Eastern Europe and immigrant enclaves of the Western world.Overview Search volume for K-pop since 2008 according to Google TrendsThe hallmarks of K-pop are:Diversity of audiovisual content: Although K-pop generally refers to South Korean popular music, some consider it to be an all-encompassing genre exhibiting a vast spectrum of musical and visual elements. The French audiovisual organization Institut national de l'audiovisuel defines K-pop as a fusion of synthesized music, sharp dance routines and fashionable, colorful outfits combining bubblegum pop with the musical elements of electro, disco, rock, R&B;, and hip-hop.Systematic training of singers: The larger management agencies in South Korea offer binding contracts to children starting from age 9 to 10. Trainees live together in a tightly regulated environment and spend many hours a day learning music, choreography, foreign languages and communication techniques with fans and journalists. This "robotic" system of training is often criticized by Western media outlets.In 2012, the cost of training a single member from SM Entertainment's nine-member band Girls' Generation averaged US$3 million.Synchronized dance formations and key movements in the choreography: When performing K-pop music, multiple singers in a band, often made up of more than three members, switch their positions while singing and dancing by making prompt movements in synchrony. The K-pop choreography often includes a hooking, repetitive dance that matches the characteristics of the lyrics of the song.Rapid distribution via the Internet: As the South Korean music industry is comparatively small, songs are released onto national television and simultaneously uploaded onto YouTube to reach out to a worldwide audience. This is often preceded by a series of eagerly anticipated announcements and promotional activities referred to as a "comeback", which altogether generates a significant amount of hype and excitement before the official release of songs and music videos.      The Bank of Korea has attributed the rapid surge in cultural exports since 1997 to the increased worldwide popularity of K-pop.Support of government agencies: The South Korean government has acknowledged that an increased interest in South Korean popular culture will benefit the country's export sector. According to government estimates, a US$100 increase in the export of cultural products results in a US$412 increase in the export of other consumer goods. Government initiatives to expand the popularity of K-pop are mostly undertaken by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism, which is responsible for the establishment of dozens of Korean Cultural Centers worldwide. Embassies and consulates of South Korea have also participated in the planning and organization of K-pop concerts outside the country, and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs regularly invites overseas K-pop fans to attend the annual K-Pop World Festival in South Korea.Dedicated fanbase: Fan activities include translating Korean song lyrics and publishing them in English and other languages. An article by The Wall Street Journal indicated that K-pop’s staying power will be shaped by fans, whose online services have partly evolved into "micro"-businesses and small-scale ventures. It is common for fans to organize flash mobs at prominent public areas via Facebook, performing and dancing to the latest K-pop songs so that a concert would be held. Others have turned to other avenues such as calling the local South Korean consulate or embassy to request a concert. While the roots of K-pop run all the way back to the 19th century, it was mostly contained within the Korean Peninsula until the 21st century when it became an integral part of the Korean Wave; a newly coined term describing the rise and spread of South Korean culture first across Asia, and then to the West and to other parts of the world. According to a 2011 survey conducted by the Korean Culture and Information Service, the total number of active members in Hallyu (Korean Wave) fan clubs around the world is estimated to have surpassed 3 million for the first time. History The beginnings of Korean popular musicOppaneun punggakjaengi (오빠는 풍각쟁이)A 1938 trot song by Kim Song Kyu and Park Yeong Ho. Sung by Park Hyang Rim.The history of Korean popular music can be traced back to 1885 when an American missionary, Henry Appenzeller started teaching American and British folk songs at a school. These songs were called changga in Korean, and they were typically based on a popular Western melody sung with Korean lyrics. The well-known song "Oh My Darling, Clementine" was for example known as "Simcheongga". During the Japanese rule (1910–1945) popularity of changga songs rose as Koreans tried to express their feelings against Japanese oppression through music. One of the most popular songs was "Huimangga" (희망가, The Song of Hope). The Japanese confiscated the existing changga collections and published lyrics books of their own.The first known Korean pop album was "Yi Pungjin Sewol" (This Tumultuous Time) by Park Chae-seon and Lee Ryu-saek from 1925 and contained popular songs translated from Japanese. The first pop song written by a Korean composer is thought to be "Nakhwayusu" (낙화유수, Fallen Blossoms on Running Water) sung by Lee Jeong-suk in 1929. In the mid-1920s, Japanese composer Masao Koga mixed traditional Korean music with Gospel music that American Evangelists introduced in the 1870s. This type of music became known as Enka in Japan, and later in Korea as Trot (Korean: "트로트"). These songs became extremely popular.Later, in the 21st century K-pop singers rediscovered the genre of trot, for example singers like Daesung from Big Bang and several members of Super Junior produced trot singles.1940s–1960s: Arrival of Western culture[edit]After the Korean Peninsula was partitioned into North and South following its liberation in 1945 from Japanese occupation, Western culture was introduced into South Korea on a small scale with a few Western style bars and clubs playing Western music. After the Korean War, which started on June 25, 1950 and lasted for 3 years, U.S. troops remained in South Korea for protection. With the continued presence of the U.S. military, American and world culture began to infiltrate South Korea. During this time, Western music became more accepted to a wider crowd of young adults.Marilyn Monroe entertaining American soldiers in Korea in 1954The United Service Organizations made it possible for several prominent figures of American entertainment, like Marilyn Monroe or Louis Armstrong to visit the soldiers stationed in Korea. These visits prompted attention from the Korean public. In 1957 the American Forces Korea Network radio started its broadcast, spreading the popularity of Western music. American music started influencing Korean music, as pentatony was gradually replaced by heptachords and popular songs started to be modeled after American ones. Improvements in the recording systems encouraged the production of LP records in the 1960s, which led to the pursuit of diverse voice tones. Many singers sang for the American troops in Korea at the time, usually in dedicated clubs, the number of which rose to 264. They performed various genres like country music, blues, jazz and rock & roll. Popular Korean singers earned a total of 1.2 million dollars a year which almost equaled the country's export income at the time. In the 1960s, the South Korean economy started blooming and popular music followed the trend. The appearance of the first commercial radio stations played a significant part in spreading popular music, Korean cinema began to develop. Korean musicians and singers formerly only performing at American clubs started opening up to wider audiences. When The Beatles fever reached the shores of Korea, the first local rock bands appeared, the very first is said to be Add4, founded in 1962.The first talent contest for rock bands in Seoul was organized in 1968. Besides rock and pop, trot songs remained popular. Some of the Korean singers managed to gain international popularity. The Kim Sisters, Yoon Bok-hee and Patti Kim were the first singers to debut in such countries as Vietnam and United States. The Kim Sisters became the first Korean group to release an album in the United States, they performed various times in Las Vegas and appeared several times on Ed Sullivan's TV show. Han Myeong Suk's 1961 song titled "The Boy in The Yellow Shirt" was covered by French singer Yvette Giraud and was also popular in Japan. 1970s: Korean hippie folk pop At the end of the 1960s and beginning of the 1970s Korean pop music underwent another transformation. Musicians now tended to university students and graduates and made music fun and self entertaining unlike the earlier generations. These young musicians were heavily influenced by American culture and lifestyle, unlike their predecessors who had to experience war and Japanese oppression. This generational conflict was well reflected in the reception of the folk pop music of the 1970s. The audience consisted mostly of students following the American hippie style in fashion and music alike, with guitars and jeans becoming a symbol of youth. These young people opposed the Vietnam war as much as American hippies did which resulted in the Korean government banning songs with more liberal lyrics. In spite of this, hippie folk pop remained popular among the youth so much so that the local television channel MBC organised a music contest for university students in 1977, which consequently led to the foundation of several modern music festivals. One of the leading figures of the era was Han Dae-soo, raised in the United States, influenced by Bob Dylan, Leonard Cohen and John Lennon. Han's iconic song "Mul jom juso" (물 좀 주소, Give Me Water) became a hymn for young people in Korea, his daring performances and unique singing style often shocked the public and later he was banned from performing in Korea. Han moved to New York and pursued his musical career there, only returning to his home country in the 1990s. Other notable singers of the period include Chang Sik Song, Young Nam Cho and Hee Eun Yang. In the 1970s, DJs also started to become popular, deeply impacting teenage culture.[49] 1980s: The era of ballads The 1980s saw the rise of ballad singers, the genre became popular after the 1985 release of Lee Gwang-jo's "You’re Too Far Away to Get Close to" (가까이 하기엔 너무 먼 당신, Gakkai Hagien Neomu Meon Dangsin). Lee's album sold more than 300,000 copies. Other popular ballad singers included Lee Moon-se (이문세) and Byun Jin-seob (변진섭), nicknamed the "Prince of Ballads". One of the most sought after ballad composers of the era was Lee Young-hoon (이영훈), whose songs were compiled into a modern musical in 2011 titled Gwanghwamun Yeonga (광화문 연가, Gwanghwamun's Song). In 1980, the Asia Music Forum was launched. National singers from five different Asian countries competed in the event. Cho Yong-pil won first place and earned a high reputation as a Korean singer in Japan. His first album, Chang bakkui yeoja (창 밖의 여자, The Woman outside the Window) was a hit and he became the first Korean singer to take the stage at the Carnegie Hall in New York. He won nearly all relevant awards at major events, including best composer and best song awards. He was invited to perform in Japan and Hong Kong, among other countries. Cho's musical repertoire included rock, dance, trot and folk pop.1990s: The turning pointDJ DOC, one of the popular hip hop trios of the 1990sIn the 1990s, early Korean pop musicians incorporated American popular music styles like rap, rock and techno in their music. In 1992 the emergence of Seo Taiji & Boys brought a true turning point in the history of K-pop. The trio debuted on MBC's talent show with their song "Nan Arayo" (난 알아요, I Know) and got the lowest rating from the jury. However, the song and the album with the same title became so successful that, according to MTV Iggy, "K-pop music would never be the same" again: "Its new jack swing-inspired beats, catchy rap lyrics and memorable choruses took Korean audiences by storm". The lyrics of Seo Taiji & Boys dealt with the problems of Korean society, which other entertainers of the era failed to do.Their sound paved the way for the "success format" of K-pop songs,and their footsteps were followed by a wave of successful hip hop and R&B; artists like Yoo Seungjun, Jinusean, Deux, 1TYM and Drunken Tiger. In 1995 Korean entrepreneur Lee Soo-man founded South Korea's largest talent agency and record label, SM Entertainment. By the late 1990s, YG Entertainment, DSP Entertainment, JYP Entertainment, and FNC Music had burst onto the scene as well and were producing talent as quickly as the public could consume it. The success of Seo Taiji & Boys brought a new audience to K-pop: teenagers, which led to the emergence of so-called idol bands: young boy and girl bands. H.O.T. is considered as the first K-pop idol boy band, they debuted in 1995. They were followed by bands like Sechs Kies, S.E.S., Fin.K.L, NRG, Taesaja, Baby V.O.X., Diva, Shinhwa and g.o.d The 1997 Asian financial crisis prompted Korean entertainers to look for new markets: H.O.T. also released a Chinese language album and Diva released an English album in Taiwan. The 1990s were also a successful period for underground music clubs, punk rock bands like Pipi Band or Crying Nut managed to gain mainstream popularity.21st century: Rise of Hallyu (Korean Wave)Towards the turn of the 21st century, the K-pop genre began spreading out to other regions of the world as part of the global Korean Wave. In 2002, Baby V.O.X.'s single "Coincidence" became popular in many Asian countries because it was released and promoted right away during the World Cup in South Korea and BoA became the first K-pop singer to reach No. 1 on the Japanese Oricon music chart.Shortly afterwards, the South Korean music artist Rain gave a sold-out concert to 40,000 fans in Beijing. In 2003, the girl group Baby V.O.X. topped the Chinese music charts with their Chinese single I'm Still Loving You from their third album Devotion, thus being the first idol group to do so and making a huge fanbase in China and also charted in various music charts in Thailand with singles What Should I Do and I'm Still Loving You. Since the mid-2000s, a huge portion of the East Asian music market has been dominated by K-pop idol groups.In 2008, South Korea's cultural exports (including television dramas and computer games) rose to US$2 billion for the first time, maintaining an annual growth rate of over 10%. That year, Japan accounted for almost 68% of all K-pop export revenues, ahead of China (11.2%) and the United States (2.1%). The sale of concert tickets proved to be a lucrative business as fans were willing to fork out large sums to see their idols. For example, TVXQ's Tohoshinki Live Tour in Japan sold over 850,000 tickets at an average cost of US$109 each, generating a total of $US92.6 million in revenues. Over 60% of the K-pop industry's export revenue is derived from the sale of concert tickets. According to Foreign Policy, the K-pop genre subsequently took off in Southeast Asia before reaching out to the Middle East, Eastern Europe, and South America. In 2012, the number of fans in Turkey surpassed 100,000 for the first time, and reached 150,000 in 2013. That year, there were 70 K-pop fan clubs in Mexico, with at least 60,000 members altogether.  Several singers decided to expand their music careers by releasing English language-studio albums in the hope of bringing over the genre to Western music markets.Such attempts did not yield much success. In 2012, K-pop's breakthrough in the Western mainstream media occurred thru the release of Psy's "Gangnam Style," which racked up over 2 billion views on YouTube as of July 2014. Other recent milestones attained by K-pop bands and musicians include:May 2007: Rain was the first K-pop music artist to perform at Japan's biggest concert hall, the Tokyo Dome, in front of 40,000 fans. The show was sold out within two days after the tickets went on sale.October 2009: The Wonder Girls entered the US Billboard Hot 100 music chart with their single "Nobody", which was widely noted for its music video's viral spread. It has surpassed 50 million views on YouTube.September 2010: SM Entertainment held its first concert outside the Asian continent with the SMTown Live '10 World Tour in Los Angeles. This preceded two sold-out concerts at the Z&eacute;nith de Paris a few months later in France. The original concert at Staples Center in Los Angeles grossed over US$1 million, and took the 9th position on the Billboard Boxscore Chart.August 2011: Billboard launched the Korea K-Pop Hot 100 music chart which was discontinued in 2014.November 2011: 2NE1 was the first K-pop artist chosen as MTV Iggy’s "Best New Band in the World."November 2011: Big Bang faced off competition from Britney Spears and German singer Lena Meyer-Landrut to clinch the 2011 MTV Europe Music Award for Best Worldwide Act. Shortly after, Google announced that its subsidiary YouTube would launch its own K-pop channel.December 2011: The total number of YouTube views generated by K-Pop videos in 2011 surpassed 1 billion. It had tripled from 800 million in the previous year to more than 2.3 billion, spurred by growth in viewership from Europe and the Middle East.[90] In the same month, the United Cube Concert was held in S&atilde;o Paulo, Brazil, heralding the arrival of K-pop in South America.February 2012: Girls' Generation's appeared on the Late Show with David Letterman and Live! with Kelly on January 31 and February 1, 2012, in the United States where they performed remixes of the English version of their song, "The Boys". It marked the first time that a Korean musical act has performed on each of the shows.March 2012: The longest running boy band in the industry, Shinhwa, who debuted in 1998, released new music after a four-year hiatus during which the band members had served individual mandatory military services.[92][93] After becoming the first K-pop band to enter the Billboard 200 music chart with their album Alive, Big Bang kicked off the Alive Tour in 25 cities worldwide. The tour ended in early 2013, and was attended by 800,000 concert-goers around the world.September 2012: 2NE1 became the first K-pop girl group to rank on Billboard's Current Box Score. The group held their New Evolution Concert at the Nokia Theatre in Los Angeles on August 24. 6,680 of the 6,714 tickets put on sale were sold, bringing in a gross sales of $653,716, and ranking at #29 on Billboard's Current Box Score.November 2012: Psy's "Gangnam Style" became the most viewed video on YouTube. He became the first Asian pop star to cross over worldwide as well as helping K-pop penetrate the Western music markets. After topping the record charts of Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Canada, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Honduras, Israel, Italy, Lebanon, Luxembourg, Mexico, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Russia, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland, United Kingdom, and the United States. It was also awarded the MTV Europe Music Award for Best Video, and became the first video on YouTube to hit a billion views.December 2012: Towards the end of the year, The New York Times selected 2NE1's performance at the Prudential Center in New Jersey as one of the "Best Concerts of 2012".March 2013: f(x) became the first K-pop group to perform at 2013 SXSW South By Southwest in Austin, Texas.April 2013: Girls' Generation's YouTube video for its 2009 single "Gee" surpassed 100 million views and becomes the first by a K-pop idol group to do so.[106] In the same month, Super Junior extended the Super Show 5 Tour to Buenos Aires, S&atilde;o Paulo, Santiago and Lima, making it the largest K-pop tour in South America.August 2013: TVXQ concluded its successful Japanese tour Live Tour 2013: Time with two landmark performances at the prestigious Nissan Stadium, in front of a total of 140,000 fans across the two nights. They became the first Korean artists in history to perform at the venue, and only the fourth musical artist overall to do so.November 2013: Girls' Generation was awarded with the "Video of the Year" at the 2013 YouTube Music Awards for their music video "I Got a Boy".December 2013: f(x)'s 2nd album Pink Tape was the only K-pop album listed by Fuse TV as one of the "41 Best Albums of 2013".March 2014: 2NE1's album Crush debuted at No. 61 on the Billboard 200, setting the record for the highest-charting K-pop album in the United States.May 2014: EXO's album Overdose sold 3, 000 copies of the Korean version of the album. EXO-K's version of the five-track EP got into the Billboard 200 at No. 129, setting the record for the highest-charting album for male groups in K-pop. EXO-K's first-week sales surpassed the chart position of K-pop band Big Bang, who hit No. 150 on the Billboard 200 with "Alive" in 2012.August 2014: Microsoft recruited 2NE1‘s “I Am The Best” to promote the Surface Pro 3.September 2014: YouTube released a playlist called "The Evolution of Girl Groups." Amongst names like Destiny's Child, Spice Girls and TLC, 2NE1's 2011 hit "I Am the Best" was included in the streaming video website's playlist, as the only Asian girl group mentioned.December 2014: 2NE1's 'Gotta Be You' was named MTV Iggy's "Song Of The Year."  2NE1's album Crush was the only album of an Asian artist listed on Fuse TV’s 40 Best Albums Of 2014 List. That album was also the only one from an Asian artist named on Rolling Stone's "20 Best Pop Albums of 2014" list. Crush ranked at No. 11 on Billboard's year-end World Albums chart, marking the first time a K-pop act has appeared on the year-end chart.April 2015: Girls' Generation's Japanese version of "Mr. Taxi" surpassed 100 million views on YouTube. They became the first K-Pop group to have 4 official YouTube videos, "Gee", "I Got A Boy", "The Boys" and "Mr Taxi (Japanese Version) with 100 million or higher views.April 2015: EXO's album Exodus sold 6,000 copies of their new album. It was the largest sales week ever for a K-pop act's album in America, landing the group at No. 70 on the Top Album Sales chart and No. 95 on the Billboard 200. This beats 2NE1's Crush album, which hit No. 61 on the Billboard 200 after selling 5,000 copies in the week ending March 2, 2014, and formerly held the record for K-pop's biggest sales week. EXO now holds the record for not only the biggest sales week for a K-pop album ever, but also the highest-charting album for male groups.