k-pop03 Marketing Korean talent agencies stage manage the debut of new acts in order to create anticipation for the new act, which will often officially debut live on one of the main television music programs with a "debut stage". For the debut single acts will be have an overall "concept", a marketing hook, which influences the name of the act, clothes, choreography, catch phrases and how they are presented, within bands individual members will have a personal concept, this being a role that they will play within the band, e.g. leader, visual, maknae, rapper e.t.c.. Once a rookie act's debut cycle has ended they enter their second promotional cycle with a "comeback", called as such even when the musician or group in question did not go on hiatus. Each promotional cycle will be presented with its own concept. In order to make their new albums known to the public, K-pop artists participate in various promotional activities, such as appearing and performing on national television. Popular Korean music programs in which bands and musicians usually make their comeback include the Korean Broadcasting System's Music Bank, the Seoul Broadcasting System's The Music Trend, and Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation's Show! Music Core. The first performance by a K-Pop artist on a music program specifically for the promotion of their new album or single is also known as the "comeback stage".[153] In addition to stage performances, teaser images and video clips are commonly released to the public as part of a "comeback".These are released one after another, often within the space of a few days before the full release. Agencies may form "sub groups", also known as "sub units", from the members of a band, this allows band members to pursue different individual projects and engagements at the same time. Sub groups will be presented with a variant of their parent groups concept. Dance Dance is an integral part of K-pop. When combining multiple singers, the singers often switch their positions while singing and dancing by making prompt movements in synchrony. Since the debut of Seo Taiji & Boys, multiple singers began to switch their positions while singing and dancing, a strategy called "formation changing" (Korean: 자리 바꿈, Jari ba'ggum) and a turning point for the establishment of K-pop choreography (Korean: 안무, Anmu). The K-pop choreography often includes the so-called "point dance, "(Korean: 포인트 댄스) referring to a dance made up of hooking and repetitive movements within the choreography. The key movements standing out and being easily remembered are supposed to match the characteristics of the lyrics of the song. "Point dance" in a song has almost become a stereotype of K-Pops as shown in the success of the key movements like rubbing hands together side to side as a Korean hand gesture for apology in “Sorry Sorry” from Super Junior.[citation needed] To choreograph a dance for a song requires the writers to take the tempo into account. A fan's ability to do the same steps must also be considered: "The Korean people really want their fans to be in the music as well. That's why as choreographers we have to simplify movements," according to Ellen Kim, a Los Angeles dancer and choreographer. Fashion  K-pop also influences fashion, especially in Asia, where clothes and accessories worn by K-pop stars, as well as their hairstyles and the cosmetic brands they use are sought after by young listeners. Fashion brands release copies of clothing worn by idols.Some K-pop idols including G-Dragon from Big Bang have established themselves as a fashion icon by attracting the attention of Western fashion designers, most notably Jeremy Scott, who expressed his interest in working with singer CL from 2NE1. In January 2012, Korean artists held a fashion show in Japan, which was attended by 33,000 people. In Thailand authorities worry over the fashion items popularized by Korean pop, as Thai teenagers are willing to wear items unfit for local weather conditions (e.g. leggings) and also use skin whitening products to look like Korean celebrities. In North Korea, despite strong governmental regulations, South Korean fashion is a topic of interest. K-pop popularized high-heel shoes, sleeveless tops and fashionable accessories, although such attire is forbidden in the country.