k-pop02 Characteristics Hybrid and transnational values According to a Rolling Stone author, K-Pop embraces "genre fusion" with both singing and rap, while emphasizing solid performances and visuals at the same time. It is a mix of genres like pop, rock, hip hop, R&B; and electronic music. K-pop can be described as a globalized music; it is a mixture of Western and European sounds with an Asian flavor of performance. The way these Korean singers perform their songs with synchronized dance moves and complex gestures has increased the popularity of K-pop. It now takes a big place in the music market throughout Asia and the world. As a Chinese K-pop fan describes it: "Korean pop culture skillfully blends Western and Asian values to create its own, and the country itself is viewed as a prominent model to follow or catch up, both culturally and economically". In this article, the author Doobo Shim adds that even if cultural proximity plays a big role in the popularity of K-pop in Asia, that is not enough. For him, this is that 'vision of modernization' inherent to the Korean pop culture that plays a part in making it acceptable. According to Eun-Young Jung, the transnational and hybrid values of K-pop are responsible for its success. He argues that values in K-pop are not only western or Korean. Indeed, according to how the process of transnationality developed, K-pop does not consist of Japanese and US values that have been mixed to match a marketing process. The cultural imperialism of Japanese and US societies deeply changed Korean popular values at multiple levels and inversely the rise of Korean popular culture started to influence the values of other countries. He says, "Contemporary Korean pop culture is built on such unavoidable transnational flows, as its multi-layered and multi-directional mobility has been creating various socio-cultural contacts taking place across, beyond, and outside national and institutional boundaries." He concludes that K-pop is not only a side genre that tries to survive next to the mainstream US pop, but that contemporary phenomenon are much more complex. He thinks that because of the development of digital technologies (Digital revolution) and globalization, consumers of twenty-first-century pop culture now have the choice between many cultural products from all over the world.K-pop is well known for its high quality artistic craft, the clean-cut features of its singers, their polite and genteel demeanor, as well as strong emphasis on middle class and suburban values which resonate with people across many different ethnic, national, and religious backgrounds around the world. K-pop music has become diversified into many different genres. Some K-pop musicians offer songs with the mixture of the tunes from Western genres, such as country music. The combination of Asian singers singing Western and European style music contributes to the unique features of K-pop and makes it more global. The concept of global entertainment "As the global music market shifts from a tangible product to a digital one, the very nature of what the industries sells is changing. With so much content instantly accessible across the world, they succeed not by selling music but by selling sensations, a product that ratherly crosses languages and cultural barriers."  The concept of global entertainment aim to provide sensations rather than only music, by complete products and performances : music, dance, fashion, shows, TV appearance, acting... For the Korean cultural industry, trainee system is an important part of the global entertainment, it was called the cultural technology by the founder of SM Entertainment. It doesn't allow mistakes and program the rookies to become multi-talent stars. The BBC describes the K-pop group singers Super Junior and the Wonder Girls as "highly produced, sugary boy- and girl-bands with slick dance routines and catchy tunes." K-pop is also recognized for pretty-boys and girl groups that are young and considered attractive. More than 60 boy and girl bands are produced each year in Korea, making way of labeling K-pop as a "star factory". Many of these bands disappear after a few hits. K-pop is a fast paced and high-competition industry, according to the Korea Times it produces easily consumable and disposable one-time hit songs that the audience downloads and then deletes. The majority of K-pop songs spend only a short time on music charts and it is rare for a hit to lead the charts for several weeks. The basic format is usually built upon a catchy chorus part and a spectacular, easy-to-master dance to accompany the song – like "Sorry, Sorry" from Super Junior, "Gee" from Girls' Generation or "Abracadabra" from Brown Eyed Girls. The songs are marketed for one or two months and then are usually forgotten as new ones take their place. Singer Insooni complained that "the songs that we sang back in the day are still sung today. But music these days – people perform for three months than [sic] stop. Fans have lost a sense of responsibility."Visual experience is an integrated part of K-pop, which comprises the artist's physical appearance and clothing as well as the sophisticated visuals of concerts and music videos. K-pop videos are often vivid, colourful, strident, extravagant and compared to traditional pop videos can even be shocking or incomprehensible.There are instances of foreign songwriters and producers composing songs for Korean performers, such as will.i.am, Sean Garrett, and American-raised Teddy Park. Musicians who have collaborated with various K-Pop idols include many notable recording artists from the African American hip hop community, such as Akon, Kanye West, Ludacris, Snoop Dogg and will.i.am. It is not uncommon for K-pop songs to be composed by songwriters from Norway and Sweden. As a music executive told The Wall Street Journal, South Korean music labels want "a mix of U.S. beats but with a Scandinavian songwriting style." In recent years, K-pop has been overwhelmingly dominated by new generation idol bands and the expansion of genre is almost entirely driven by the Internet. As traditional media records are losing popularity among consumers, the significance of digital records has risen. In order to capture the audience's attention in a shorter period of time, K-pop record labels generally prefer releasing and distributing shortened EP or single formats (as compared to full-length albums). This has led to the widespread use of so-called 'hooks', which refers to catchy choruses that is easy to memorize.