MasterWriter  욕망이 하늘을 치솟는 것 내면의 언어의 씨방이 터져지상에  내려와 음률로 피어나는 꽃이되거나나무가되어 그속에서 새도 벌도 모두 찾아와 이 찬란한 봄날 아침 신선한 수액을 발아래 뿌리며사랑을 키우는 사람들은 모두 아름다운 사랑 이야기를이제는 모국어가 아닌 모두의 언어 인류가 하나이니영어로 아룸다운 시를  쓰는 수련장에서 이런 좋은 소프트웨어를 주전자에 가득붓고감정의 분출로 솟아오르는 시를 쓰는 것이다      You write songs, but you want to write HIT songs!  INDIE UNIVERSITY OFFERS SPECIAL PRICING FOR MASTERWRITER SOFTWARE We're always on the lookout for great tools for our roster that helps them make better music! Imagine if there were a software that helped you write better songs! There is! Its called MASTERWRITER. The future of songwriting is here…MasterWriter, a revolutionary new product, is the ultimate collection of tools for the modern songwriter. This powerful collection of professional writing tools is housed and integrated in one easy to use software program. There is no other product like it on the market today. At the MacWorld Expo 2003, with over 85,000 people in attendance and over 1000 new products being introduced by the biggest companies in technology, MasterWriter won a Best of Show award. BMI, ASCAP, NSAI, SOCAN, and PRS have endorsed MasterWriter and have offered it to their membership.  MasterWriter is a triple threat: A great source of ideas pre-inspiration, a wonderful tool during inspiration, and invaluable post-inspiration, when crafting your song can be the difference between a good song and a great song.  Why struggle to find the right word, rhyme, or phrase, when you can have all the possibilities for any word in an instant. Searching on a word in MasterWriter will give you Rhymes, Sound-Alike Rhymes, Phrases that Rhyme, Phrases, Alliterations, Pop-Culture Icons, Synonyms, and the Definition. All of this happens instantly and simultaneously. The mind cannot compete with what MasterWriter is able to accomplish easily and quickly using modern technology.  MasterWriter is also a wonderful organizational tool and organizes the songwriter painlessly. Its powerful database allows writers to keep track of all things related to the songs they are writing. Free your mind to create and choose…Let MasterWriter do the remembering and the organizing.  MasterWriter also contains an Audio page where melodic references can be recorded and stored. Included on this page is a markers module, which allows you to work on specific sections of your melody, and a drum loop library containing 248 tempo-adjustable drum loops.  Last, but certainly not least, is Songuard, an online, date of creation, song registration service. Songuard allows the songwriter to easily and quickly register lyrics, melodies, writer and publisher information, and the date of creation with MasterWriter. Songuard gives the songwriter impeccable protection until the time he chooses to register a U.S. copyright.  In our daily conversation and in our songwriting, we tend to use a vocabulary that we are familiar and comfortable with. When you use MasterWriter your knowledge and vocabulary begin to expand and as they do, you will find new and colorful ways to paint word pictures. It's really simple, the musician practices to become a better player. Use MasterWriter, and you will become a better songwriter. The beauty of it all is that it happens while you're writing songs. With a laptop, it can happen on a bus, on an airplane, in a hotel room, or anywhere you find yourself.  MasterWriter Includes:  A Rhyming Dictionary with over 100,000 entries. A Pop-Culture Dictionary with over 11,000 icons of American and World Culture.  A Dictionary containing over 35,000 Phrases, Idioms, Clich&eacute;s, Sayings and Word Combinations.  A Rhymed-Phrases Dictionary with over 36,000 entries.  The only Alliterations Dictionary in existence.  The American Heritage Dictionary and Roget's II Thesaurus. A State-of-the-art database that allows you to keep track of all the Lyrics, Melodies and Information related to the songs you've written or are writing.  A stereo Hard Disk Recorder for recording your melodic ideas.  Songuard, an online date-of-creation Song Registration Service.  A library of over 250 tempo adjustable MIDI Drum Loops.  Full-function Word Processing.  Mac OS and Windows compatible. The Regular Price is: $289. Indie University Price: $199. Use discount number 2096 to receive your $90 discount. Download a free 30-Day Trial at Masterwriter.com or call Toll Free 1-866-892-8844. Windows and Mac compatible.