phd  http://www.ebi.ac.uk/training/studentships/howtoapply   The application for the 2013 Spring Selection is now closed.  The next selection round for the EMBL International PhD Programme at the EBI will be announced in April 2013. The first assessment is carried out by a faculty member who is familiar with the applicant's national education system. The application is then reviewed by the faculty members of the EMBL Scientific Programme at the EBI. The EMBL Graduate Committee short-lists the candidates who will be invited to interview.  Short-listed applicants are invited to attend an Initial Admission Assessment (IAA) interview, conducted by a panel of EMBL faculty members at EMBL-EBI. This 15-minute pass/fail interview is the prerequisite for eligibility. During the interview, you may be questioned on any aspect of molecular biology and your previous training. The days following the IAA are filled with panel and one-to-one interviews with Group Leaders as well as group visits. Successful candidates are then awarded entry into the EMBL International PhD Programme by the Graduate Committee. Eligibility and fundingFor details of prerequisite national degree qualifications, please see the Graduate Office’s Admissions page. EMBL internal predoctoral fellowships are awarded for 3.5 years, with the possibility of a 6-month extension. The stipend is competitive by international standards and covers subsistence, Cambridge University registration and college fees. Current fellowship rates can be viewed here. Post-offer application to the University of CambridgeOnce accepted in to the EMBL International PhD Programme, EBI-bound students should register with the University of Cambridge and apply to a college. The EBI PhD programme is currently included in the University’s Graduate Studies prospectus under molecular biology. Details of individual colleges can be found on the University’s website and additional information is also provided on the EBI predoc pages.   English language requirements The University requires PhD students to have adequate English language skills. It is likely that candidates who have neither pre-existing English language certification nor 2 or more years' very recent experience in an English-speaking academic environment will be offered a PhD place conditional on passing the TOEFL (Test Of English as a Foreign Language). Despite having excellent English skills, many of our candidates do not have the necessary qualifications. In these cases, arrangements have been made whereby the student’s English language abilities are assessed by the University's Language Centre, who will decide whether the TOEFL requirements can be waived. The EBI’s Academic Training Coordinator, Nick Goldman, will provide assistance with this process if required.