Japan has taken a step closer to making English language a compulsory subject in primary schools, but the move has provoked a backlash from critics who say that only Japanese should be taught to children.  An education ministry panel recommended last month that students in fifth and sixth grades be given an hour-long English lesson each week, and that those in lower grades learn the language as part of a special activity programme.  According to the Kyodo news agency, more than 90% of Japan's state primary schools already offer some form of English lessons, but the panel members noted that these do not follow a uniform curriculum. They said it was necessary to provide a common base for learning the language. "The implementation of English education varies depending on the school," an education ministry official told the Daily Yomiuri newspaper. "By making the language a compulsory subject, we are hoping to level the playing field." The panel's recommendations still need further approval, but officials say there appears to be little opposition within the ministry. That is not the case elsewhere. In February a group of 100 researchers, led by the Keio University professor Yuko Otsu, delivered a petition to the education minister, opposing the introduction of English. The petition said there was no persuasive data supporting the move and warned that it could create confusion in the classroom.Primary English Education   Masahiko Fujiwara, a mathematician at Ochanomizu University, said: "The most important thing during primary years is Japanese and maths. It is important that children first learn their own country's culture and traditions." There is also concern that there are not enough qualified teachers or class hours to deliver English. However, the panel points out that it is "indispensable to meet certain conditions for teachers and materials". But business leaders are in favour of the move. In 1999 the Japan Association of Corporate Executives called for spoken English to be taught at primary school level, to meet business needs.