the sporting life      최적의 단어로 표현한다는 것은 인생은 그저 스포츠다   poetry can be about any sport. There is poetry about baseball, basketball, and football. Fly fishing, swimming, soccer, and the different kinds of racing all can be the subject of poems. The tone of poetry about sports can be inspirational, dramatic, humorous, or tragic. It can also be in any form, from sonnets and rhyming poems to free verse and haiku.   One of the first forms of sports poetry was the epenicion. It was a Greek lyric ode honoring a victor at the Hellenic games. The word comes from a Greek adjective that means “for a victory.” The first known example of the form was written by Simonides of Ceos in 520 BC for the winner of a boxing match. Traditionally, an epenicion was sung to the victor by a choir accompanied by lutes. The epenicion became such an important part of the games that athletes began to commission poets to write them. Although sports poetry can have many subjects and tones, all seem to share the spirit of conquest over something. It may be a fish, an animal, or a worthy opponent. All sports involve the tension of prevailing http://www.wisegeek.com/what-are-the-different-types-of-sports-poetry.htm  http://bjsm.bmj.com/content/34/6/471.full http://www.wisegeek.com/what-are-the-different-types-of-sports-poetry.htm  Champions of VersePoetry’s Relationship With the OlympicsBy TONY PERROTTETPublished: June 29, 2012   Sports fans are not necessarily renowned for their literary tastes — their passions oft running less to soulful ruminations than to beer-fueled stadium chants — so Olympics observers may be flummoxed by the sudden proliferation of poetry related to the 2012 Games. This weekend, international poets have converged on London to orate in 50 languages at a festival called Poetry Parnassus, with 100,000 copies of their collected work to be dropped by helicopter on the venue by the Thames. Another poetic project, “The Written World,” will feature a poem from each of the 204 competing Olympic countries read live and broadcast daily by the BBC. And verse has been engraved on plaques of stone, metal and wood emblazoned at strategic points throughout the Olympic Park, for the edification of athlete and spectator alike.  Enlarge This Image Illustration by Luc MelansonYet the relationship between poetry and the Olympics goes back to the very origins of the Games. In ancient Greece, literary events were an indispensable part of athletic festivals, where fully clothed writers could be as popular with the crowd as the buff athletes who strutted about in the nude, gleaming with olive oil. Spectators packing the sanctuary of Zeus sought perfection in both body and mind. Champion athletes commissioned great poets like Pindar to compose their victory odes, which were sung at lavish banquets by choruses of boys. (The refined cultural ambience could put contemporary opening ceremonies, with their parade of pop stars, to shame.) Philosophers and historians introduced cutting-edge work, while lesser-known poets set up stalls or orated from soapboxes.  Criticism could be meted out brutally: when the Sicilian dictator Dionysius presented subpar poems in 384 B.C., disgusted sports fans beat him up and trashed his tent. At other Greek athletic festivals, like those at Delphi, dedicated to Apollo, the god of poetry and music, verse recital was featured as a competitive event, along with contests for the lyre and choral dancing.  For much of the 20th century, poetry was an official, medal-winning competition in the Games. The French visionary who revived the Olympics, Baron Pierre de Coubertin, always insisted Greek-style arts contests should be allowed alongside athletics. His dream was realized in 1912 at Stockholm, where literature, together with music, painting, sculpture and even architecture, became Olympic events in the so-called Pentathlon of the Muses, in which all submissions had to be “directly inspired by the idea of sport.” In seven Olympiads, writers — almost always poets — were awarded gold, silver and bronze medals alongside sprinters, weight lifters and wrestlers. The general literature category was then expanded in 1928, 1936 and 1948 to include specific contests for epic and lyric poetry.  De Coubertin himself was no slouch: he took the very first gold medal in 1912 for his “Ode to Sport,” which he entered under twin pseudonyms, one French, one German. It reads, unsurprisingly, like a florid evocation of the classical ideal: “O Sport, you are Beauty! . . . O Sport, you are Justice! . . . O Sport, you are Happiness! The body trembles in bliss upon hearing your call. . . . ”  But the inclusion of Olympic verse quickly proved contentious, provoking an outcry from highly competitive intellectuals. In 1912, Swedish art academies objected to the sports-only theme, declaring that the contests “totally lacked a meaningful purpose,” according to the historian Richard Stanton in “The Forgotten Olympic Art Competitions.” And the rule that contestants must be amateurs was absurd when applied to the arts, critics argued, since only serious practitioners were worth including.  Indeed, the most famous authors of the era refrained from the Pentathlon of the Muses, lending a homespun, sideshow quality to the contests. How could it not when the gold for literature in the 1924 Paris Olympics, for example, went not to T. S. Eliot or Jean Cocteau but to one G&eacute;o-Charles, nom de plume of Charles Louis Prosper Guyot, for “Jeux Olympiques,” an evocation of the hammer-throwing and foot races? (“The runners bend, tense flowers, . . . / A shot: A violent word! / And suddenly / Necks extended, forward / like stalks / faces like pale snatched / apples, / teeth and jaws rushing into / space.”) Today, the author is little known outside his hometown, Grenoble, where a small museum hails him as “a pioneer in athletic art.” The only marquee poet to try his hand was the Italian proto-fascist Gabriele d’Annunzio, who entered in 1912, only to have his work snubbed — although the playwright Thornton Wilder did sit as a judge in the 1932 Los Angeles Games, selecting a German ode to mountaineering.  Many of the poems from these seven Olympic Games have vanished and are now known only by their titles. Sport historians are still searching in vain, for example, for the intriguing-sounding verse, “A Rider’s Instructions to His Lover,” by the German poet Rudolf Binding (silver, Amsterdam, 1928). In some cases, the obscurity may be justified: the arts contests at the 1936 Games in Berlin were held under the keen eye of Joseph Goebbels, and the fascists romped home with Germans and Italians having swept the lyric poetry medals.  Today, lovers of poetry and sports must be content to ponder the rare survivors, like the Finnish wordsmith Aale Maria Tynni’s “Laurel of Hellas,” which took the gold at the 1948 London Games:  Laurel of Hellas noble-born,  most celebrated tree,  gazing to your lofty crown  the mind must dazzled be.  This proved the last gasp for official Olympic poetry. Organizers began to doubt the quality of the offerings, as the gulf between the sports-related entries and contemporary poetry grew ever wider. Apart from the niggling amateur question, one official speculated that “there are not enough artists who find occasion to study the beauty of the human body in motion or have connection with the world of sport.” In 1952 at Helsinki, literature was quietly dropped, along with the other arts contests.  Today, the International Olympic Committee does not list any of the poetry results on its records, suggesting some embarrassment about the whole interlude. But will the ubiquity of poetry in London this summer ignite another call for a Pentathlon of the Muses? After all, the requirement that contestants be nonprofessionals was phased out in the 1980s.  A more vexing question is whether the poems being recited around London will stand the test of time. As the Pentathlon of the Muses shows, a poet’s association with sports — even a juggernaut like the Olympics — is no guarantee of enduring fame. The ancient Greeks would surely sympathize: many of their most renowned Olympic poets are barely known to even the most obsessive classicist today. It may be some comfort to literati that the victorious Greek athletes, who were more famous than our N.F.L. stars while alive and were sometimes worshiped as gods after their deaths, are now equally obscure.  Of course, the ephemeral nature of worldly glory has long been a ripe subject for poets. For this year’s games, a panel of literary experts decided to adorn London’s Olympic Village with a line from Tennyson’s “Ulysses” to sum up the gritty determination of the ancient wanderer: “To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield.” Perhaps more nuanced are the words of Achilles pondering the vagaries of celebrity in Homer’s “Iliad”: “I too shall lie in the dust when I am dead, but now let me win noble renown.” Or as Emily Dickinson more cheerily put it: “Fame is a bee. / It has a song — / It has a sting — / Ah, too, it has a wing.”   Tony Perrottet is a contributing writer for Smithsonian magazine and the author of “The Naked Olympics: The True Story of the Ancient Games.” A version of this article appeared in print on July 1, 2012, on page BR31 of the Sunday Book Review with the headline: Champions of Verse.. https://sites.google.com/a/gapps.gjps.org/schartigerl/Home/lesson-plans-and-teaching-resources-for-poetry  http://www.scrapbook.com/poems/cat/38.html  http://books.google.co.kr/books?id=2OyWjxFi5lEC&pg;=PA351&lpg;=PA351&dq;=this+sporting+life+poetry&source;=bl&ots;=RrKtQiiXSH&sig;=pVl-jvNbmatvjPbNYgL5hJgULNc&hl;=ko&sa;=X&ei;=KoT7U8KnFdGE8gXku4LoCA&ved;=0CFEQ6AEwDw#v=onepage&q;=this%20sporting%20life%20poetry&f;=false