vorvogestern http://www.angelfire.com/pamspages21/DAY.html 어제그제 그그제 大前天 - 前天 - 昨天(昨日) - 今天(今日) - 明天(明 -日) - 后天 - 大后天http://discovermagazine.com/2004/aug/day-before-yesterday0812/?searchterm=Global+Warming Although almost all climate scientists agree that the Earth is gradually warming, they have long been of two minds about the process of rapid climate shifts within larger periods of change. Some have speculated that the process works like a giant oven or freezer, warming or cooling the whole planet at the same time. Others think that shifts occur on opposing schedules in the Northern and Southern Hemispheres, like exaggerated seasons. Recent research by Frank Lamy of the University of Bremen in Germany examining climate patterns in the Southern Hemisphere at the end of the last Ice Age strengthens the idea that warming and cooling occurs at alternate times in the two hemispheres. A more definitive answer to this debate will allow scientists to better predict when and how quickly the next climate shift will happen. Few climate researchers, most of whom are from North America and Europe, have carefully examined climate patterns in much of the Southern Hemisphere. Lamy and his colleagues, however, collected  sediments from the Pacific Ocean off the coast of Chile and other sediment samples from locations directly inland and used them to examine the time period between 10,000 and 50,000 years ago. The chemical content of these samples establishes temperature fluctuations over time periods of hundreds to thousands of years. The 40,000-year period Lamy focused on was marked by large climate fluctuations in both hemispheres.  The ocean sediment samples revealed a southern climate that was starkly out of sync with that in the north. Warm periods in the Chilean waters matched up to times of cold weather in North America and Europe. Previous work had revealed the same pattern in Antarctica’s climate, but until Lamy’s work it wasn’t clear if the icy continent’s climate history was an oddity or reflected trends present throughout the Southern Hemisphere.http://www.emptees.com/tees/21141-the-day-before-yesterday