그것은  칼이다 칼집이다나의 노래이다나의 지나간 애인이다아니 새로운 애인이다http://ubu.com/  Metropolitan Forecast              D8 l the new york times tuesday, september 11, 2001           Metropolitan Forecast           today Less humid, sunshine           High 79. Noticeably less humid air will filter into the metropolitan region on. Brisk winds from the northwest. High pressure building east from the Great Lakes will promote mainly sunny skies. Daytime readings will peak in the lower 80’s.           tonight Clear, lighter winds           Low 62. Skies will be clear overnight as high pressure crests near the Middle Atlantic Coast. Humidity will remain low, and temperatures will fall to around 60 degrees in many spots.           tomorrow Mainly sunny           High 76. Sunshine and just a few clouds will fill the sky. Breezes will turn and blow from the south ahead of a cold front approaching from Canada.   Islam            e2 the new york times, tuesday, september 11, 2001           arts abroad           Continued From First Arts Page           On Islam, Mr. Houellebecq went still further, deriding his estranged mother for converting to Islam and proclaiming that, while all monotheistic religions were “cretinous,” “the most stupid religion is Islam.” And he added: “When you read the Koran, you give up. At least the Bible is           Sexual tourism           and inflammatory           remarks about           Palestinians.           very beautiful because Jews have an extraordinary literary talent.” And later, noting that “Islam is a dangerous religion,” he said it was condemned to disappear, not only because God does not exist but also because it was being undermined by capitalism.  Share this text ...? Twitter TwitterPinterest  Pinterest  NOTES: Kenneth Goldsmith is perhaps best known for his work Day, in which he transcribed every word of a mundane day’s issue of the New York Times into a nine-hundred-page book. For his work “The Day,” he did the same exact task to the New York Times of September 11, 2001. Hence, even the innocuous news reports and weather are loaded with fact, fear, and emotion, making us aware that language is never simply an innocent carrier of meaning but is wildly variable depending upon context and framing. Source: Poetry (July/August 2009).A8 2015년 10월 3일 토요일 제29466호 조선일보 검, 김무성 딸 머리카락 350개 채취..분석할 마약종이 많기 때문  새누리당 김무성 딸(32)이 "마약 투약 의혹이 사실무근임을 증명하겠다"며DNA 검사를 자청하는 가운데, 검찰은 딸 김씨의 머리카락 350가닥을 정밀 분석하고 있다.