Soliloquy is a written record of every word (good, bad and indifferent), spoken by New York artist Kenneth Goldsmith during one week. The work originated as a gallery installation in 1997. As Gordon Tipper wrote in zingmagazine, "confronted with the clutter of 'real' speech... we realize that we all sound a bit like George Bush."A soliloquy (from Latin solo "to oneself" + loquor "I talk") is a device often used in drama when a character speaks to himself or herself, relating thoughts and feelings, thereby also sharing them with the audience, giving off the illusion of being a series of unspoken reflections.[1] If other characters are present, they keep silent[2] and/or are disregarded by the speaker.[3] The term soliloquy is distinct from a monologue or an aside: a monologue is a speech where one character addresses other characters; an aside is a (usually short) comment by one character towards the audience, though during the play it may seem like the character is addressing him or herself. Soliloquies were frequently used in dramas but went out of fashion when drama shifted towards realism in the late 18th century.most famous Shakespeare soliloquies (and indeed, the most famous soliloquys in the English language) are found in three of his plays – Hamlet , Macbeth and Romeo and Juliet . For example, perhaps the best known opening line to a Shakespeare soliloquy is “to be or not to be”, from Hamlet. In case you weren’t 100% sure, a soliloquy is the act of a character speaking their thoughts aloud, often when they’re by themselves but sometimes with others around. Soliloquys (or soliloquies – you can spell them both ways) differ from monolgues in that the words spoken are thoughts only, and no other characters can hear them. This compares to monolgues which are simply long speeches by a character (read an in-depth article on soliloquies vs monologues). Shakespeare frequently makes use of both soliloquys and monolgues in his plays. The links below lead to extracts from our modern English Shakespeare ebooks, making Shakespeare’s most well known soliloquies available so you can fully understand his plays. We hope that you will find these Shakespeare soliloquies helpful:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRsbyF8F3rc  http://nosweatshakespeare.com/quotes/soliloquies/ Most popular Shakespeare soliloquies: O, she doth teach the torches to burn brightWhat light through yonder window breaks?The clock struck nine when I did send the nurseGallop apace, you fiery-footed steedsHow oft when men are at the point of deathIt is the East, and Juliet is the sunWhat’s in a name? To be or not to beNow might I do it patHow all occasions do inform against meMy offence is rank, it smells to heavenWhat rogue and peasant slave am IThat this too solid felsh would melt Is this a dagger which I see before me?If it were done when ’tis doneThe raven himself is hoarseTomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow O God of battles! Steel my soldier’s heartsThe feast of St CrispinOh for a muse of fireOnce more into the breach, dear friendsTo horse you gallant princes, stright to horse