돈은 돈은 jose abad santosJos&eacute; Abad Santos y Basco (February 19, 1886 – May 7, 1942) was the fifth Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines. He briefly served as the Acting President of the Commonwealth of the Philippines during World War II, in behalf of President Quezon after the government went in exile to the United States. After about two months, he was killed by the Japanese forces for refusing to cooperate during their occupation of the country. vicente lim Vicente Podico Lim (February 24, 1888 – December 31, 1944) was a Filipino Brigadier General and hero during World War II. During the Battle of Bataan, he was the Commanding General of the 41st Infantry Division, Philippine Army (USAFFE). Vicente Lim was the first Filipino graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point (Class of 1914). Prior to the establishment of the Philippine Army, he served as an officer in the Philippine Scouts (a now-defunct component of the US Army). He was one of the seven Charter Members of the Boy Scouts of the Philippines. He is memorialized in the Philippines' 1,000-Peso banknote together with two other Filipino heroes who fought and died against the Japanese during the Second World War josefa llanes escoda Josefa Llanes Escoda (20 September 1898–c. 6 January 1945) Heroine: Spiritual Leader of the Underground during World War II in the Philippines; was a well-known Filipino advocate of women's right of suffrage and founder of the Girl Scouts of the Philippines.Josefa was born in Dingras, Ilocos Norte as Josefa Llanes (y) Madamba. She was the eldest of the seven children of Mercedes Madamba and Gabriel Llanes. Josefa's siblings were, Florencio, Luisa, Elvira, Rosario, Purita and Eufrocina. Josefa was valedictorian in grade school and salutatorian in high school in Dingras Elementary School (Dingras, Ilocos Norte). She went to Philippine Normal School in Manila to earn her teaching degree, and graduated with honors in 1919. While working as a teacher, she earned a high school teachers certificate from the University of the Philippines in 1922. After obtaining her teacher's certificate, she became a social worker for the Philippine Chapter of the American Red Cross (the Philippines was a colony of the United States at the time). The Red Cross granted her a scholarship to the United States, where she earned a masteral degree in Sociology. During her first trip to the United States, while she was at the Women's International League for Peace (1925), she met Antonio Escoda, a reporter from the Philippine Press Bureau whom she later married. They had two children: Maria Theresa (who later became President of the Cultural Center of the Philippines during Pres.Corazon Aquino's Administration); and Antonio, Jr. Also in 1925, Josefa received a Master's Degree in Social Work from Columbia University.Give me your trust and confidence, knowing that what I seek is for the good of Fiji, for the good of us all. I will, from this day strive to forge togetherness out of our differences.Let us make a pledge now to help Fiji through this very important next stage of its journey. We can do this by promising to be patient, calm and tolerant and by respecting the views of others, even if we disagree with them.We need to reach that happy stage of our development when differences and diversity are not seen as sources of division and distrust, but of strength and inspiration. piso 1000 16장이 구름으로 뜨고 진다 21장 9장 30장오늘의 페소 25.32759600원1000페소 253200 이다