땅끝을 돌아나오며 봄이 땅끝에서부터 오는것을 조각공원을 돌아서 보길도가는 선장을 돌아영암 무위사앞 녹차밭과 조그마한 초가집광주에 와서 그냥 화순 너릿제를 통과하여어느 놀부밥상집에서 밥을 먹으며2월 1일을 밥상처럼 바치며 다시내일이 오는 시간에 나는 쭈그려앉아찌그러지지 않는 시 한수를 쓸려고 기를 쓰나 아름다운 여인의 가슴속에 품어나온 보랏빛 추억은 구겨진 손수건으로 향수마져  시들어지고동백꽃 가지에 달린 빠알간 꽃망을매화꽃에 맺힌 봉우리들이 봄을 알리는 신호로이밤에도 열심히 푸른 기운을 품어내고 있는데  The company that makes art from DNA has turned a bit more Andy Warhol for an encore. DNA 11, an online company that creates personalized oil paintings from the buyer's DNA or fingerprint, introduced a new way for people to buy art--by puckering up. In partnership with cosmetics company MAC, DNA 11 now lets people buy a personalized painting by sending in a print of their lips, or what are called Kiss Portraits. (It's very Marilyn Monroe.) DNA 11 has been selling on-demand paintings of people's genetic code for years. Its art work has even appeared on the crime show CSI as a fictional way to trace a killer, but technically that's not possible. To create a work, DNA 11 collects a sample of the buyer's DNA, which is immediately sent to a special lab. (The lab doesn't keep records of people's names.) And then only a partial picture of the code is used to create an individual's painting--which typically looks like computer code on canvas. Similarly with its new product, DNA 11 will send the customer a collection kit so it can create a high-resolution image of the lip print. (Buyers will presumably use MAC lipstick to blot a print.) The buyer can customize the color and size of paintings, which start at $290 and go up in price depending on size or framing. DNA 11 sells its art in museum stores such as New York's Museum of Modern Art and also online. With the Kiss Portraits, it's hoping to appeal to more women shoppers. "Our products are for people who feel they have everything, want something truly original, or are decorating a living space," said DNA 11 co-founder Adrian Salamunovic   November 12, 2007 4:26 PM PST DNA art company launches lip paintingsPosted by Stefanie Olsen 2 comments The company that makes art from DNA has turned a bit more Andy Warhol for an encore. DNA 11, an online company that creates personalized oil paintings from the buyer's DNA or fingerprint, introduced a new way for people to buy art--by puckering up. In partnership with cosmetics company MAC, DNA 11 now lets people buy a personalized painting by sending in a print of their lips, or what are called Kiss Portraits. (It's very Marilyn Monroe.) DNA 11 has been selling http://www.dna11.co.uk/about.asp  http://www.dna11.com/?gclid=CNGOu8Cnu5gCFQ9JagodVHAXbg