못난 그림전과 똥시  내가 한번 5월에 열 아버지의 자전거전에못난 그림과 똥시를 펼친다Performance and Poetryhttp://onemoreworld.wordpress.com/2012/04/03/performance-and-poetry/ Wow. Maybe I’ve been missing out.  In one of those coincidences that seems to be happening to me more and more these days, I turned up at school the next day to find out that the schools artist in residence was coming to speak to my grade. And so began the 1 hour poetry lesson. I’m not convinced that talking to kids about the joys of poetry for a good 45 minutes, without giving the opportunity to experiment themselves was the best way to get them interested but for me at least it couldn’t have had better timing. I was treated to a session of poetry performance. We watched videos and the presenter did some performance of her own. It really was performance too, music, movement, song all incorporated into her presentation of something that had started life as just words on paper. It was fantastic! Why had I never seen poetry like this before? Then to top it all off, over the weekend I got to hear another of those family gathering poems that I had always cringed at. And this time I enjoyed it. I’m not sure if the poem was just better quality than those I was used to, or if my perceptions had changed, but it was fantastic. Clever. Moving.  It was something more than a speech ever could have been. Expressed more. As a thirteen year old I placed a ban on poetry at any of my birthday parties. As a 22 year old, I think I’m about ready to retract it. So back to the question posed by my lecturer; why isn’t poetry included in more definitions of the arts? I think allot of the time poetry is taught as literacy. As literature. In schools we read it, we analyse it. On occasion we write it, but performance? That’s a deal more rare. Maybe other people’s experiences were different to mine. I hope they were. I hope that other people were taught that poetry was more than just words on paper, that it was a form of expression, something to be told and acted and shown. I hope that next year, when I finally get my own class, I can help them find out that poetry isn’t just about the text. It’s about voice.시도 좋지만 밥을 굶고 시를 쓴다배고픔도 경험하는 시인은 잔인한 4월에 아주 곤란한 일을 아주 좋은 일을 아주 나쁜 일을 좋은 일이 나쁜일이 되고 호사다마가 되고덴이 곤란함을 말한다덴이 아주 착한 사람인 덴이 어려움을 말한다외국에서 생활하며 사는 덴은 한국어를 안다면 한국시를 들려주고 싶지만 그는미국시 시와 퍼포먼스 시를 보여주어야 겠다오늘 1시30분에 만난다