봉화에서  이른 아침 봉화에서 산새들도 일어나 노래를 하는 시간 나는 아버님 어머님이 상상속에 계시는 봉화에 와서 봄이 아직 깨어나지 않는 얼굴들을 보며 몇번은 더 오고싶은 정겨운 풍경을 두고 아침에 떠난다 2015 Copa Libertadores - San Lorenzo v Sao Paulo: Preview     The 2015 Copa Libertadores returns today with the group two match between San Lorenzo (Argentina) and Sao Paulo (Brazil). San Lorenzo are currently third in the group, three points behind Sao Paulo. Both teams were in domestic league action last weekend. San Lorenzo won 4-0 at home against Lanus last Saturday in the Argentine Primera Division (APD). Sao Paulo won 3-0 at home against Linense last Sunday in the Campeonato Paulista.    Recently, San Lorenzo and Sao Paulo have been in good form. San Lorenzo have won four of their last six matches, while Sao Paulo have won five of their last six matches. In the Copa Libertadores, both teams have won three of their last six matches. Today’s match against Sao Paulo is one that San Lorenzo are expected to win. San Lorenzo have won five of their last six home matches in the competition. In contrast, Sao Paulo have lost all six of their last six away matches.    Both teams have been in good goal scoring form recently. Both San Lorenzo and Sao Paulo have scored ten goals in their last six matches in all competitions. In terms of goals conceded, San Lorenzo have conceded three goals in their last six matches. Sao Paulo have conceded four goals in their last six matches.    Back in the 2005 Copa Libertadores, Sao Paulo won 3-2 away at River Plate in the semi-finals. That win was the last time that Sao Paulo won an away match against Argentine opposition in the competition. Sao Paulo went on to win the competition that year. Since that win against River Plate, Sao Paulo have gone two matches without an away win against Argentine opposition. They lost 1-0 away at Estudiantes in 2006. They lost 2-1 away at Arsenal in 2013.    A win today for San Lorenzo would see them go level on points with Sao Paulo. They would also be three points behind Corinthians. A win for Sao Paulo would see them go level on points with Corinthians. The match is scheduled to start at 23:45 British Summer Time (BST).  My prediction: San Lorenzo 2-1 Sao Paulo.