시인과 화가  60우리는 무엇으로 사는가 시인으로서 말하는 숲이나 시내와 같은 이야기는내가 사랑하는 자연을 위할 뿐 아니라, 무엇보다도 인간을 위한 것으로 되었으면 했다.인간을 위한 길잡이가 되고 사랑의 슷응이 되고자 한것이다.그러면서도 나는 이 인간에 대하여 난폭하고 조소적이며애정을 가질수가 없다.나는 이 모순을 느끼고 나의 냉담한 성질을 극복학고인간에게도 형재애를 가질 피요성을 느꼈다.그건 어려운 일이었다.왜냐하면 고립과 여러가지 운명이, 이 점이 나를 어쩔 수 없는 고집과 심술꾼으로 만들었기때문이다.집에서나 음식점에서, 얼마간 감정을 부드럽게 하려고 노력하고,길에서 만나는 사람과묵례를 하며 말을 주고 받은 정도로는 모자라는 것이다.그렇게 하면서도, 나는 인간관계에 있어서 근몬적으로 잘못을 저지르고 잇다는 것을 깨달았다.내가 아무리 친숙하게 하려고 해도, 상대방이 그걸 의심하면서 냉정하게 받아 들이거나 빈정대면,어떻게 받아 들여야 할 것인가?     Klingsor's Last Summer is a novel by Hermann Hesse, written in 1919, in many ways a turning point in Hermann Hesse's life. His first wife, Maria Bernoulli, had a nervous breakdown and was taken to hospital with no prospect of recovery. In May Hesse moved from Bern to Ticino, where he found a new home in the Casa Camuzzi in Montagnola. In July, he met the singer and painter Ruth Wenger, whom he married in 1924. This was an exuberant period in his life. In July and August, in a few weeks Hesse wrote Klingsor's Last Summer. In December 1919 it was published the first time in the Deutsche Rundschau, followed by an omnibus volume with Kinderseele and Klein und Wagner by Samuel Fischer. The protagonist of the story is the painter Klingsor. He is both a lover of poetry, and a heavy drinker an womanizer, torn between sensuality and spirituality, and troubled by feelings of impending death, and the transiency of life.  http://www.gss.ucsb.edu/projects/hesse/papers/schnei.PDF  http://www.gss.ucsb.edu/projects/hesse/hermanhe.html     A five-week course in watercolor that combines the painting of the Ticinese landscape with the study of the water colors and writings of Nobel Prize-winning novelist Herman Hesse.    GOALS  to paint the landscape of Ticino with watercolors, as did Hesse when he lived there. to use the watercolors and writings of Hesse as sources of personal inspiration. to develop skill in the use of watercolor as an expressive medium. The course concentrates on instruction in watercolor techniques, composition and use of color with an emphasis on the development of the student's creativity and powers of observation. It also includes lectures on Hesse, readings and discussions of his works, a visit to the Herman Hesse Museum in Montagnola, field trips to the historic villages of Agra and Gentilino and on-location painting of the countryside of Ticino.  PREREQUISITES:    Although prior experience in painting with watercolors is not required, such experience, and especially a knowledge of basic drawing, is highly recommended. The course could be made available to the general public as well as to regular undergraduates.   TEXTS AND SOURCES:    Herman Hesse. Klingsor’s Last Summer. Wandering. Other Hesse writings as appropriate. Also, the recently published Herman Hesse, pittore. (Mazzota) with texts by Volker Michels, Heiner Hesse, Herman Hesse, Ambrosio Pellegrini, Ferruccio Massini. The book is scheduled to appear in English in the Spring of 1998.   INSTRUCTOR:    J. Michael Keating  artist and Instructor of Art, Sierra College, Rocklin, California. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Klingsor's_Last_Summer