시인의 나무 혹은 꽃나무  민경대  나무에게 시를 읽으라고 말을 건다꽃나무에게 시를 보라고 권한다산에는 꽃이 피고 꽃이 진다 겨울 나무에게도 시를 읽으리고 부탁한다 결국은 눈사람에게도 시를 읽으라고 부탁한다Wallace Stevens 의 The Snow Man 시가 있는 산 추억의 산 시가 걸어가는 산 시와 시가 악수하는 산 여기에서 시는 살아 숨쉰다 나에게 힘을 준다 시나무 물주기를 한다 이미 죽은 나무에게는 미안하다고 말을 건다 용천수는  물을 부운다Moun­tains loom large in the cul­tural imag­i­na­tion. They rise up and erupt in our minds as much as they do on our land­scapes. They are well rep­re­sented in the world’s holy books: Moses retires to Mount Sinai, where God reveals to him the Ten Com­mand­ments; Jesus gives his ser­mon on a mount, and it is on top of a moun­tain when he is trans­fig­ured; and Muham­mad med­i­tates in a moun­tain cave when he receives his first revelation. There are many great poems about moun­tains as well. How could there not be? The sub­lime majesty of moun­tains has inspired history’s best minds, prov­ing William Blake’s dic­tum “Great things are done when men and moun­tains meet.” In these poems, the poets are metaphor­i­cal moun­taineers, grap­pling with the incon­ceiv­able power of moun­tains, attempt­ing to achieve the sum­mit of understanding.   “Great things are done when men and moun­tains meet.”Beneath my Hand and Eye the Dis­tant Hills, Your BodyBy Gary Snyder What my hand fol­lows on your bodyIs the line. A stream of loveof heat, of light, what myeye las­civ­i­ouslicksover watch­ingfar snow-dappled Uin­tah moun­tainsIs that streamOf power. what myhand curves over, fol­low­ing the line.“hip” and “groin”Where “I”fol­low by hand and eyethe swim­ming limit of your body.As when vision idly dal­lies on the hillsLov­ing what it feeds on.soft cin­der cones and craters;–Drum Hadley in the Pinacatetook ten min­utes more to look again–A leap of power unfurl­ing:left, right-right–My heart beat faster look­ingat the snowy Uin­tah Moun­tains.What “is” within not knowbut feel itsink­ing with a breathpusht ruth­less, surely, down.Beneath this long caress of hand and eye“we” learn the flow­er­ing burn­ing,out­ward, from “below”. Sny­der, one of the great mod­ern Amer­i­can poets, grew up around moun­tains. Born and raised in Ore­gon, he climbed with the Maza­mas, the local moun­taineer­ing group, and later spent two sea­sons as a fire look­out in the North Cas­cades. Nature and moun­tains are the fuel that dri­ves his poetry. In this poem of erotic yearn­ing, the Uni­tah moun­tains are con­flated with the body of the poet’s lover. The poem’s syn­tax becomes con­fused to the point that the reader is unsure where the moun­tain ends and the lover’s body begins.   http://blog.theclymb.com/passions/mountaineer/5-great-poems-about-mountains/