아침 단상 2아침단상 1   “연옥의 산을 오르려하는데, 어디로 가야 하나요?”“우리도 처음입니다. 우린 좀 다른 길로 와서....”“다른 길이라고? 저 사람, 숨을 쉬고 있잖아. 어떻게 산 사람이..” “왜 그러는가 단테? 이제야 내 그림자가 없다는 걸 알았는가?” “ 내 몸은 벌써 나폴리에 묻혔다네.그러니 내게 그림자가 없을 수빆에.그러나 이렇게 이야기하고, 느끼고, 또한 무엇보다 중요한 것은 내가 자네의 길을 안애해 주고 있다는 사실이야.무엇이 중요한지를 알아야 해.논리를 넘어서 두 눈으로 보아야 한다네. 그 이유를 생각하는 건 좋지만,그럴 때도 쓸데없는 논리를 적용해서는 안돼. 논리를 따르면, 사람이 나아갈길은 너무나 좁아.모든 것을 있는 그대로, 자연의 경치처럼 바라보면 된다네.모든 것은 불가사의, 모든 것은 자연, 마음에 비치는 그대로 아는 게 중요한 일이네.“ “봐, 저기 두 사람이 우리 쪽으로 오고 있지. 우리가 누구인지 확인하러 오는 게야. 그들이 죽기 직전에 자신들이 범한 죄를 뉘우친 사람들이야. 그래서 지옥만은 면하게 돼었어.”http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Divine_Comedy http://www.bookrags.com/Divine_Comedy/ Dante's Divine Comedy is bewilderingly complex to the first-time reader, even on the literal level. (This complexity remains after many rereadings, but for many readers, it enhances the poem's appeal rather than hindering the reader's understanding.) Trying to keep track of the poem's more than five hundred characters often produces frustration, as do attempts to sort out thirteenth- and fourteenth-century Florentine politics and the city-state's conflicts with the papacy. However, Dante lived during a time when categorization—the orderly arrangement of knowledge—bordered on the obsessional, and his Divine Comedy is no exception. Indeed, it is a prime example of this drive to order. Therefore, its very structure helps the reader navigate and make sense of its complex world. The poem is divided into three books or cantiche. Inferno, Purgatory, and Paradise. Each book is then broken down into canti or what we might call chapters: Inferno has thirty-four, Purgatory has... View more of the Divine Comedy Summary   Divine Comedy IntroductionDante Alighieri (1265-1321) wrote his epic poem, the Divine Comedy, during the last thirteen years of his life (circa 1308-21), while in exile from his native Florence. There are three parts to this massive work: Inferno, Purgatory and Paradise. In each section Dante the poet recounts the travels of the Pilgrim—his alter ego—through hell, purgatory, and heaven, where he meets God face to face. The primary theme is clear. In a letter to his patron, Can Grande della Scala, Dante wrote that his poem was, on the literal level, about "The state of souls after death." It is, of course, that and much more. The poem works on a number of symbolic levels, much like the Bible, one of its primary sources. Like that sacred text, Dante meant his work and his Pilgrim traveler to serve as models for the reader. He hoped to lead that reader to a greater... Beatrice Beatrice summons Virgil from Limbo {Inferno 2) to lead Dante the Pilgrim through Hell, up the Mount of Purgatory to the Garden of Eden. She sits with the blessed in the heavenly rose, where she waits to replace Virgil as the Pilgrim's guide (Purgatory 30). Beatrice, "bringer of blessedness," is therefore largely responsible for the Pilgrim's (and the poet's) salvation. The historical Beatrice Portinari (1266-90) was the daughter of Folco Portinari, a wealthy Florentine, and the wife of Simone dei Bardi.In his Vita Nuova (NewLife), Dante claims to have met and fallen in love with her when they were about nine years old. The Vita Nuova consists of love poems Dante wrote to Beatrice, which he connected with prose commentaries. The physical love he had for her, which is the subject of the Vita Nuova, was transformed into the spiritual love that enabled his salvation, which is the subject of...   http://www.italianstudies.org/comedy/index.htm Halfway through the journey we are living           I found myself deep in a darkened forest,           For I had lost all trace of the straight path.             Ah how hard it is to tell what it was like, 5         How wild the forest was, how dense and rugged!           To think of it still fills my mind with panic.             So bitter it is that death is hardly worse!           But to describe the good discovered there           I here will tell the other things I saw.   10       I cannot say clearly how I entered there,           So drowsy with sleep had I grown at that hour           When first I wandered off from the true way.             But when I had reached the base of a hill,           There at the border where the valley ended 15       That had cut my heart to the quick with panic,             I looked up at the hill and saw its shoulder           Mantled already with the planet's light           That leads all people straight by every road.             With that my panic quieted a little 20       After lingering on in the lake of my heart           Through the night I had so grievously passed.             And like a person who with panting breath           Struggles ashore out of the wide ocean           Only to glance back at the treacherous surf,   25       Just so my mind, racing on ahead,           Turned back to marvel at the pass no one           Ever before had issued from alive.             After resting awhile my worn-out body,           I pressed on up the wasted slope so that 30       I always had one firm foot on the ground.             But look! right near the upgrade of the climb           Loomed a fleet and nimble-footed leopard           With coat completely covered by dark spots!             He did not flinch or back off from my gaze, 35       But blocking the path that lay before me,           Time and again he forced me to turn around.             The hour was the beginning of the morning,           And the sun was rising with those stars           That first attended it when divine Love   40       Set these lovely creations round in motion,           So that the early hour and the pleasant season           Gave me good reason to keep up my hopes             Of that fierce beast there with his gaudy pelt.           But not so when — to add now to my fears — 45       In front of me I caught sight of a lion!             He appeared to be coming straight at me           With head held high and furious for hunger,           So that the air itself seemed to be shaking.             And then a wolf stalked, ravenously lean, 50       Seemingly laden with such endless cravings           That she had made many live in misery!             She caused my spirits to sink down so low,           From the dread I felt in seeing her there,           I lost all hope of climbing to the summit.   55       And just as a man, anxious for big winnings,           But the time comes instead for him to lose,           Cries and grieves the more he thinks about it,             So did the restless she-beast make me feel           When, edging closer toward me, step by step, 60       She drove me back to where the sun is silent.             While I was falling back to lower ground,           Before my eyes now came a figure forward           Of one grown feeble from long being mute.             When I saw him in that deserted spot, 65       "Pity me!" I shouted out to him,           "Whoever you are, a shade or living man."             "Not a man," he answered. "Once a man,           Of parents who had come from Lombardy;           Both of them were Mantuans by birth.   70       "I was born late in Julius's reign           And dwelt at Rome under the good Augustus           In the period of false and lying gods.             "A poet I was, and I sang of the just           Son of Anchises who embarked from Troy 75       After proud Ilium was burned to ashes.             "But why do you turn back to so much grief?           Why not bound up the delightful mountain           Which is the source and font of every joy?"             "Are you then Virgil and that wellspring 80       That pours forth so lush a stream of speech?"           Shamefacedly I responded to him.             "O glory and light of all other poets,           May the long study and the profound love           That made me search your work come to my aid!   85       "You are my mentor and my chosen author:           Alone you are the one from whom I have taken           The beautiful style that has brought me honor.             "Look at the beast that drove me to turn back!           Rescue me from her, celebrated sage, 90       For she causes my veins and pulse to tremble."             "You are destined to take another route,"           He answered, seeing me reduced to tears,           "If you want to be clear of this wilderness,             "Because this beast that forces you to cry out 95       Will not let anyone pass by her way           But harries him until she finally kills him.             "By nature she is so depraved and vicious           That her greedy appetite is never filled:           The more she feeds, the hungrier she grows.   100     "Many the animal she has mated with,           And will with more to come, until the Greyhound           That shall painfully slaughter her arrives.             "He shall not feast on property or pelf           But on wisdom, love, and manliness, 105      And he shall be born between Feltro and Feltro.             "He shall save low prostrated Italy           For which Nisus, Turnus, and Euryalus,           And the virgin Camilla died of wounds.             "He shall hunt the beast through every town 110      Until he chases her back down to hell           From which envy first had thrust her forth.             "I think and judge it best for you, then,           To follow me, for I will be your guide,           Directing you to an eternal place   115      "Where you shall listen to the desperate screams           And see the spirits of the past in torment,           As at his second death each one cries out;             "And you shall also see those who are happy           Even in flames, since they hope to come, 120      Whenever that may be, among the blessed.             "If you still wish to ascend to the blessed,           A soul worthier than I shall guide you:           On my departure I will leave you with her.             "For the Emperor who rules there above, 125      Since I lived in rebellion to his law,           Will not permit me to enter his city.             "Everywhere his kingdom comes: there he reigns,           There his heavenly city and high throne.           Oh happy the one elected to go there!"   130      And I said to him, "Poet, I entreat you,           By the God whom you have never known,           So may I flee from this and from worse evil,             "Lead me to the place you just described           That I may come to see Saint Peter's gate 135      And those you say are deeply sorrowful."             Then he moved on and I walked straight behind.