양파를 먹으면서  나는 하늘을 들을 본다 양파가 숨어서 비를 맞은 모습을 본다 양파같은 사람은 누구인가  양파속을 본다    더 이상 먹을 순 없다 메웁다 양파를 먹어본다This park honors Walt Whitman (1819-1892), poet, journalist, and native New Yorker. Whitman’s vision of an optimistic and self-reliant America surpassed traditional Victorian boundaries and influenced later free thinkers, including Ralph Waldo Emerson (1803-1882) and Oscar Wilde (1854-1900).  Walt Whitman was born in Huntington, Long Island, where he lived with his family until 1823. Unable to support his household on a carpenter’s salary, Whitman’s father moved the family to the City of Brooklyn, where he enrolled his son in a local grammar school. Although souring economics forced the Whitmans to return to Long Island in 1833, young Walt stayed behind and took work as a printer’s apprentice, his first foray into the world of words.     http://uk.ask.com/web?siteid=10000939&qsrc;=999&l;=dis&q;=walt+whitman&search;=%EA%B2%80%EC%83%89  Why it is not adviseable to eat onion at night time?In: Onions and Garlic [Edit categories]  Answer:it makes your breath pungent and your gf will not like it. Always brush after taking onion and use mouth wash so that your gf feels good and allows you some kinky stuff. Advise your gf as well not to take onion and garlic bcz you will also not be liking it. Yes there is one thing if by mistake you take these two thing, on that day go for oral so that other person does not feel bad rather be amused to have oral fun. http://www.poets.org/viewmedia.php/prmMID/16473  Monologue for an Onion    by Suji Kwock Kim    I don't mean to make you cry.I mean nothing, but this has not kept youFrom peeling away my body, layer by layer, The tears clouding your eyes as the table fillsWith husks, cut flesh, all the debris of pursuit.Poor deluded human: you seek my heart. Hunt all you want. Beneath each skin of mineLies another skin: I am pure onion--pure unionOf outside and in, surface and secret core. Look at you, chopping and weeping. Idiot.Is this the way you go through life, your mindA stopless knife, driven by your fantasy of truth, Of lasting union--slashing away skin after skinFrom things, ruin and tears your only signsOf progress? Enough is enough. You must not grieve that the world is glimpsedThrough veils. How else can it be seen?How will you rip away the veil of the eye, the veil That you are, you who want to grasp the heartOf things, hungry to know where meaningLies. Taste what you hold in your hands: onion-juice, Yellow peels, my stinging shreds. You are the oneIn pieces. Whatever you meant to love, in meaning toYou changed yourself: you are not who you are, Your soul cut moment to moment by a bladeOf fresh desire, the ground sown with abandoned skins.And at your inmost circle, what? A core that is Not one. Poor fool, you are divided at the heart,Lost in its maze of chambers, blood, and love,A heart that will one day beat you to death. http://www.poets.org/page.php/prmID/110 http://bigthink.com/ideas/13313  The Walt Whitman Award brings first-book publication, a cash prize of $5,000, and a one-month residency at the Vermont Studio Center to an American who has never before published a book of poetry. The winning manuscript, chosen by an eminent poet, is published by Louisiana State University Press. The Academy purchases copies of the book for distribution to its members. The award was established in 1975 to encourage the work of emerging poets and to enable the publication of a poet's first book. The submission period for this year's Walt Whitman Award has been extended through November 30. An entry form and fee are required. The judge for the 2013 award is John Ashbery. To obtain the guidelines and entry form for the Walt Whitman contest, please follow the link below or send a stamped, self-addressed envelope to the Academy.   Walt Whitman Award Guidelines & Entry Form   NOTE: Contestants may submit online. Entries will be accepted only if submitted electronically September 15 through November 30, 2012. All manuscripts must be accompanied by a $30 entry fee. The judge for the 2013 is John Ashbery. General Guidelines The Walt Whitman Award is given to honor a poet's first book. Contestants must be living citizens of the United States who have neither published, nor committed to publish, a volume of poetry 40 pages or more in length and in an edition of 500 or more copies, either in the U.S. or abroad. Books on a smaller scale, such as chapbooks and limited editions, will not disqualify a poet.Manuscripts must be of original poetry, in English, by one poet. There are no restrictions on the style of poetry or subject matter. Translations are not eligible.Manuscripts must be between 50 and 100 pages, typed single-spaced (unless the poems are meant to be presented using non-standard spacing). Multiple poems may not appear on a single page. The manuscript itself should not contain any information that would reveal the identity of its author. Illustrations are not accepted. Contestants who have published poems in magazines may include those in the manuscript submitted, along with acknowledgment notes. See Submission GuidelinesContestants may submit manuscripts elsewhere simultaneously, but must notify the Academy immediately if a manuscript becomes committed to another press. A manuscript committed to another press is not eligible for the Walt Whitman Award.Notification of contest results will be made by email. The Academy expects the judge's decision by April 2013. Louisiana State University Press will publish the winning manuscript in a paperback edition within one year of the judge's decision.The winner will receive $5,000 and a one-month residency at the Vermont Studio Center.The Academy of American Poets will purchase from the publisher copies of the winning book for distribution to its members. No royalties will be paid to the author on the copies distributed by the Academy. The standard contract of the publisher will govern production, distribution, and royalties for all other copies.The Academy of American Poets cannot consider manuscript revisions during the course of the contest. The winning poet will have an opportunity to revise before publication.All correspondence concerning the contest should be addressed to the Academy. Any correspondence addressed to the judge will be forwarded to the Academy unread.Poets are not eligible to apply if they are close friends or colleagues, were mentored by the judge, or have studied with the judge in full-time accredited courses within the last 5 years.The decisions of The Academy of American Poets as to eligibility are final. The Academy reserves the right to withhold the Walt Whitman Award in any given year.Guidelines for Submitting Online submissions (.doc and .pdf files formats) can be made by filling out the entry form at www.poets.org/submit. Contestants who have published poems in magazines may include acknowledgment notes in the "Comments" field of the submission form. Do not include an acknowledgements page in your manuscript file.One title page is requested and it should list the manuscript title only. The author's name must not appear on any page of the manuscript.Each submission requires the payment of an entry fee of $30. Once you have begun the submission process online, you will be given the option to pay by PayPal or credit card.The Academy assumes no responsibility for manuscripts not received due to electronic error. Contest applicants can verify the status of their submission at any time by logging back in to the submission manager.     User Rating: 5.6 / 10 ( 78 votes )  - Rate poem - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10      Print friendly version E-mail this poem to a friend Add this poem to MyPoemList Add this poet to MyPoetList What do you think this poem is about?      Report Poem A Hand-Mirror HOLD it up sternly! See this it sends back! (Who is it? Is it you?)Outside fair costume--within ashes and filth,No more a flashing eye--no more a sonorous voice or springy step;Now some slave's eye, voice, hands, step,A drunkard's breath, unwholesome eater's face, venerealee's flesh,Lungs rotting away piecemeal, stomach sour and cankerous,Joints rheumatic, bowels clogged with abomination,Blood circulating dark and poisonous streams,Words babble, hearing and touch callous,No brain, no heart left--no magnetism of sex; 10Such, from one look in this looking-glass ere you go hence,Such a result so soon--and from such a beginning!   Walt Whitman Walt Whitman ParkView MapCadman Plaza East, Adams St. bet. Red Cross Pl. and Tillary St. Brooklyn, 11201 http://whitmanarchive.org/criticism/current/index.html   http://www.longislandexchange.com/parks/waltwhitmanbirthplace-statepark.html  http://maps.google.com/maps?saddr=new+york+city+hall&dirflg;=r&t;=w&daddr;=40.69827436460%2C+-73.98936840420+%28Center+of+Walt+Whitman+Park%29 http://www.nycgovparks.org/parks/waltwhitmanpark/history