작품같은 작품 Hidden Treasures in Junk DNA Description: Interviewee: Jim Kent. The data structure of the human genome: poetry or prose?   Transcript: Then another thing that makes, makes DNA assembly a challenge is that the human genome is actually in fact is not really like prose. In some ways it's more like poetry, or a song even, in that it has a lot of repeating elements. And so you can imagine, say you were trying to assemble Mary Had a Little Lamb from pieces. You'd have "Mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb, Mary had a little lamb whose fleece was white as snow", okay. Well then, if you just had the phrase "little lamb", where are you going to put that in this song? You can put it here, you could put it here, you could put it here, you just don't know. And it's actually the single thing that makes the assembly difficult is coping with the repeats.  Keywords: human genome project,mary had a little lamb,sequence genome,jim kent,dna sequencing,dna sequence,white as snow,interviewee,data structure,single thing,prose,fleece,phrase,elements,poetry https://www.dnalc.org/view/15307-The-data-structure-of-the-human-genome-poetry-or-prose-Jim-Kent.html  하루가 담긴 그대로 어느 시인의 삶이 담긴 차와 바퀴와 그라고 미술시장과 주인의 얼굴이 범벅이 되어 어느 가을날 갈릉에는 칼을 가는 소리와 감이 익어가는 소리가 범벅이 되고 나는 차를 동해 바다로 돌리지 못하고다시  장한말 고개에서 우수영물살 보사 더 송요돌이 치는 물살에 휘말려몸당 짐이 실린  나의 흔적이 가을 하늘속에 물들이는 인생의 단풍같이 입속에서 치아는 옥수수처럼 빠져가고 머리카락도 수수대처럼 빠져나가고나는 몽당 차에 쑤셔 박은 junk dnaㄹ르 싣고 어디로 가지 못한다 이 정크 디엔에이는 작품같은 작품이되어 어디론가 표류해간다주인짚이라고 전화벊가 뜬다 주인짚은 마치 하나의 은유처럼 전화번호가 뜬다 이 가을 길섶에는 노란 국화가 피며 아무런 기척없이 시간은 가지만 나의 목줄에는 구슬픈 소리들이 검은 측음기 판에 올려 놓으면 차마 말 못할 고독한 가을편지가 곡으로 흐른다 3650명의 작가ㅇ와 3650명의 시인들이 함게 시화전을 하며2018년 동계올림픽에 ㄱ강릉 성산면 오봉리 산 35번지에는 만국기가 상상력의 힘으로 줄기차게 가을을 자랑하며 recurring lines 이 형성되며 이곳은 유형지같은 화성의 땅이다 M  A  R  S이 지구는 정크 (started 10/19/14, completed 10/21/14)We all think we’re so important all the way down to our DNA — but for all of our chromosomes             all of our genetics             and our glorious genome — well, if you look at it closely, if you look all the way down to our DNA, you’d be stunned to see how much of what we’re made of is just junk. Yeah, yeah, I know, we’ve got so much DNA, we’re such complex creatures, but — Think of it this way: a simple worm has maybe 7% junk DNA. A fruit fly, maybe 3%... And then there’s us humans, with our big brains —and ourjunk DNA seems to go off the charts. What a fun phrase,“junk DNA”,because after discovering the helixes that make us us, we’ve found sequences withnodiscernible function. And we love that label, junk DNA —maybe it’s a sign that we’re all hoarders at heart, we all want more and everything we get has to be bigger and better, even if we don’t know what it’s for. Because, I mean, even a newt has a genome 25 times longer than ours... What does that say about what we’re made of? Us little creatures compared to rhinos and elephants, using our big brains to stay on top of the food chain over those deadly panthers, lions, tigers, and bears. Look how we’ve won with our opposable thumbs, we help 200 species go extinct every day. Wow, what warriors we are. Species on Earth haven’t gone extinct like this since the dinosaurs. Wow. What warriors we are. We think we’re all so great with our opposable thumbs and our really big brains, and when we look at it all, microscopically, you know... We become smart enough to know our own DNA, and we start to wonder how smart we really are, when we see how so much of what we’re made of is really just junk.투성이다  What was once known as junk DNA turns out to hold hidden treasures, says computational biologist Ewan BirneyEwan Birney, 39, of the European Bioinformatics Institute in Cambridge, England, led the analysis by the more than 400 ENCODE scientists who annotated the genome. He recently spoke with Scientific American about the major findings. Excerpts follow. Scientific American: The ENCODE project has revealed a landscape that is absolutely teeming with important genetic elements—a landscape that used to be dismissed as “junk DNA.” Were our old views of how the genome is organized too simplistic? BIRNEY: People always knew there was more there than protein-coding genes. It was always clear that there was regulation. What we didn’t know was just quite how extensive this was.http://nar.oxfordjournals.org/content/24/1/6.full http://www.theguardian.com/science/2012/sep/05/genes-genome-junk-dna-encode 이 밤에 Mike Snyder of Stanford University를 만나다http://www.psmag.com/health-and-behavior/making-it-personal-geneticist-michael-snyder-puts-a-face-to-personalized-medicine-57554 http://snyderlab.stanford.edu/contact.html http://scars.tv/kuypers/poems/2014/junk.htm  http://www.thenewatlantis.com/publications/logic-dna-and-poetry http://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-13001382