조현아:마카다미 땅콩 리턴  macadamia nuts in a bag and not on a plate세상이 하나의 사건으로 화재가 되니참으로 한심하다한편의 시 가 그날의 이슈가 되는 날이 있을까나는 광주에서 식당에서 그것을 아주로 술을 드신 사람을 보고 참으로 우리들 사회는 좁고 좁은 골목에서 끄떡하면 고발하고 고소하고 그것을 경찰병력을 늘려 수사하고또 노조가 고소를 하여 법의 잣대로 땅콩 리턴을 다룰것이지만 법의 지배하는 나라에 이제 법과 예술이라는 센트위치 같은 월간지라도 만들어 여기에 토론의 장을 만들어 보자 1970년 부사장이 호텔경영학 대학원을 나와 정형오과 사장하고 결혼하고 사는 것이 또 무슨 관련이 있는지 무엇인 문제인지 무엇이 사회의 이슈인지 대한항공은 참여연대의 고발장 제출과 관련해 조현아 대한항공 부사장의 승무원 비하나 욕설이 없었다고 밝혔다. 대한항공은 10일 입장자료를 통해 “해당 사무장은 인천공항에 도착한 후 본사로 이동해 2시간여 동안 면담 후 귀가했으며, 면담 과정에서 거짓 진술을 강요한 바는 없다”고 밝혔다. 대한항공은 현재 승무원은 진단서를 제출해 휴가 중에 있으며, 회사 측에서 제때 병가 허락을 해주지 않았다는 주장은 사실과 다르다고 강조했다. 이어 조현아 부사장이 기내에서 다소 언성을 높인 것은 사실이나, 승무원을 비하하는 욕설은 없었다는 것이 해당 승무원들의 진술이라고 해명했다. 한편, 참여연대는 이날 조 부사장을 항공법 위반 등의 이유로 서울서부지방검찰청에 고발했다. 참여연대 측은 “이번 고발은 이른바 ‘대한항공 램프리턴 사태’, ‘땅콩리턴 사태’에 대한 조현아 부사장의 책임을 묻고자 하기 위한 것”이라며 “조 부사장의 행위는 항공법과 항공보안법 위반 소지가 크며, 위력에 의한 업무방해죄, 강요죄 등에 해당한다”고 밝혔다 A top executive of Korean Air lines went nuts forcing a packed plane to turn back from the runway at New York’s JFK airport - after a steward served her macadamias without asking. Cho Hyun-ah, who is also the eldest daughter of airline Chairman Cho Yang Ho, could now face up to 10 years in prison following her outburst last week. As the captain was preparing to open the airbus’s throttles at 12.50am Cho lost her temper when a steward broke the company's policy and placed the nuts in front of her without asking while in first class. Her fury was compounded further when the nuts were presented in a bag and not in a dish. Witnesses said she immediately demanded the unnamed employee to bring out the company’s in-flight service manual to read off the proper nut-handling guidelines. After he failed to find it, Cho became “incandescent” and starting shouting for him to be removed off the plane which was bound Seoul. “The chief flight attendant failed to get the right manual, and this led Cho to believe he was not qualified for that job,” a Korean Air official told the Korean Times. Without warning to passengers the pilot gave in to the executive’s demands and return back to the gate to allow the steward off. An investigation is now underway over her conduct by Korea’s Transport Ministry. “We’ll see whether her behaviour was against the law,” a ministry official said. “It is an unprecedented case, so we need to see the related regulations.” “Even though she is senior vice president at the company, she was a passenger at that time, so she had to behave and be treated as a passenger“. "She could have taken other measures after coming back to Korea, such as strengthening service training.” She has now been forced to resign following her meltdown which the airline has since apologised. A spokesman did however say it was 'natural' for Cho, who is also known by her English name Heather, to fault crew's ignorance of procedures. The flight KE86 to Incheon (corr) Airport was delayed by 11 minutes due to the incident. South Korea’s Transport Ministry announced Monday that they would investigate whether or not she violated the Aviation Safety Law, which states passengers should not cause disturbances, including using violent language or yelling, for safety reasons. If charged and found guilty she could face up to 10 years in prison A top executive of Korean Air Lines resigned on Tuesday amid mounting public criticism that she delayed a plane over how she was served macadamia nuts. Company officials said that Chairman Cho Yang-ho has accepted the resignation of Cho Hyun-ah, his eldest daughter and an executive vice president. The junior Cho came under public fire following revelations that a recent Korean Air Lines flight from New York to South Korea returned to the gate because she ordered a senior crew member off the plane.  Cho was angered that she was served bagged macadamia nuts instead of nuts on a plate.    The airline had apologized for inconveniencing passengers. But it also said it was 'natural' for Cho to fault crew's ignorance of procedures. Flight KE086’s to Incheon Airport, close to Seoul, was delayed by 11 minutes due to the incident.  Ms Cho, who is also known by her English name Heather, was also reportedly facing up to ten years in prison over the fracas.  South Korea's Transport Ministry announced on Monday that they are investigating if Cho violated the Aviation Safety Law, which states that passengers should not cause disturbances, including using violent language or yelling, for safety reasons. Flight 86 was already on the runway for its 12.50am departure from JFK when Ms Cho lost her temper after an unidentified worker placed some macadamia nuts in front of her as she sat in first class, reports the Korean Times. The junior flight attendant's faux pas was to serve the nuts inside the bag that they came in rather than presenting them on a small dish - as is protocolA flight from New York to Seoul faced a brief but dramatic delay when the head flight attendant was kicked off the plane over the mishandling of an airline executive's macadamia nuts. The Korean Airlines flight was taxiing to the runway when a junior flight attendant served the in-flight snack, in its packet, to executive vice president Heather Cho. Ms Cho, 40, also known as Cho Hyun-Ah, oversees in-flight experiences for the family-run flag carrier and took exception to the arrival of the nuts that she had not requested, as well as how they were served. Ms Cho summoned the chief flight attendant who, she argued, was responsible for the crew failing to follow the airline service manual correctly and should therefore leave the plane, the airline said. Advertisement  As a result, the plane had to return to the terminal at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, causing an 11-minute delay in arrival. The incident garnered substantial media attention and public criticism for Ms Cho's action. In a statement, the Transport Ministry said it was investigating the case to see if it involved any breach of aviation safety regulations. "If the investigation finds any violations, the necessary action will be taken against the air carrier," it said. One ministry official told AFP that Ms Cho's action had been "totally inappropriate". Ms Cho has since resigned as Korean Airlines executive, the airline said on Tuesday. Korean Air apologised for the incident, which took place on Friday. Seoul's main opposition party also called for a thorough probe, saying the daughter of Korean Air chief executive Cho Yang-Ho had a responsibility to protect the airline's image. "Why did she have to make all that fuss because of some stupid macadamia nuts?" the New Politics Alliance for Democracy said in a statement. "She soiled the reputation of our flag carrier," it said. A Korean Air spokesman said Ms Cho had taken the position that the head flight attendant was incapable of ensuring the safety of the 250 passengers on the 13-hour flight to Seoul. A spokesman for the airline had said it was reasonable for Ms Cho to "raise a problem in service" given her position within the company. "The chief flight attendant failed to get the right manual, and this led Cho to believe he was not qualified for that job," the spokesman said. The pilot on board agreed with Ms Cho's decision, he said. Online commenters in communities such as reddit seemed unimpressed with Ms Cho's decision. "This lady is in the wrong Korea," wrote one, in what has become the most popular post in the discussion. With Reuters