nothing that is  nothing that is  by kyungdae min  오늘 나는 알았네 내가 가진것은 nothing nothing that is나는 내일도 내가 가진것은 nothing 모든 것은 다 nothing 으로 돌아간다 오늘 나는 알았네 내가 가지고 갈것은 nothing 아주 세상은 편하게 돌아가네내가 가진것은 오직 nothing 이렇게 편할 수가 없네 우리는 모두 nothing 좃도 씹도 다 아무것도 아니네 이 세상은 개떡같은 것일세 내 나이 70에 나는 보았네 올라 갈때는 몰랐으나 내려갈 때 보았네그 꽃  내가 좃도 아니라는 것을 나는 이곳 산에서 229번지에서 내가 좃도 씹도 아니라는 것을 알았네 내가 가진 것은 nothing that is all 계단을 올라갈 때  나는 거기에 없었던 남자를 만났다!  그는 오늘 다시 거기에 없었습니다.  오, 그가 어떻게 가길 바래? "   지난 밤에 3시에 집에 왔을 때,  그 남자가 저를 기다리고있었습니다.  그러나 내가 홀을 둘러 보았을 때,  나는 그를 전혀 볼 수 없었다!  가버려, 가버려, 더 이상 돌아 오지 마!  떠나서 가버려 두지 마세요 ...   지난 밤에 나는 계단을 보았다.  거기에 없었던 작은 남자,  그는 오늘 다시 거기에 없었습니다.  오, 그가 어떻게 가버 렸으면 좋겠어  I knew today.What I have is nothingNothing that isI have nothing tomorrow I have nothingEverything goes back to nothing.I knew today.I will take nothingThe world is at ease.All I have is nothingI can not be comfortable with this.We are all nothingIt's nothing to chew on.This world is like a dirt.I was in my 70s.I did not know when I was going up, but I saw it when I went down.That I am not  I knew today.What you have is nothingNothing that isI have nothing tomorrow I have nothingEverything goes back to nothing.I knew today.I will take nothingThe world is at ease.All I have is nothingI can not be comfortable with this.We are all nothingIt's nothing to chew on.This world is like a dirt.I was in my 70s.I did not know when I was going up, but I saw it when I went down.That flower That I am notI am here at 229 Mt.I knew I would not even bite.What I have is nothing that is all   I knew today.What you have is nothingNothing that isI have nothing tomorrow I have nothingEverything goes back to nothing.I knew today.I will take nothingThe world is at ease.All I have is nothingI can not be comfortable with this.We are all nothingIt's nothing to chew on.This world is like a dirt.I was in my 70s.I did not know when I was going up, but I saw it when I went down.That flower That I am notI am here at 229 Mt.I knew I would not even bite.What I have is nothing that is all    I knew today.What you have is nothingNothing that isI have nothing tomorrow I have nothingEverything goes back to nothing.I knew today.I will take nothingThe world is at ease.All I have is nothingI can not be comfortable with this.We are all nothingIt's nothing to chew on.This world is like a dirt.I was in my 70s.I did not know when I was going up, but I saw it when I went down.That flower That I am notI am here at 229 Mt.I knew I would not even bite.What I have is nothing that is allAs I was going up the stair I met a man who wasn't there! He wasn't there again today, Oh how I wish he'd go away!  When I came home last night at three, The man was waiting there for me But when I looked around the hall, I couldn't see him there at all! Go away, go away, don't you come back any more! Go away, go away, and please don't slam the door...  Last night I saw upon the stair, A little man who wasn't there, He wasn't there again today Oh, how I wish he'd go away...