좋은 강의     How to Give a Good LectureX eHow Careers & Work Editor This article was created by a professional writer and edited by experienced copy editors, both qualified members of the Demand Media Studios community. All articles go through an editorial process that includes subject matter guidelines, plagiarism review, fact-checking, and other steps in an effort to provide reliable information.  By an eHow Contributor Just the word "lecture" is enough to elicit groans from most people. Nonetheless, there is no reason a lecture needs to be dry and boring or hard to follow. With a few tips, techniques and some practice, just about anyone can give a good lecture on just about any topic   Read more: How to Give a Good Lecture | eHow.com http://www.ehow.com/how_2123715_give-good-lecture.html#ixzz2D1lBlJBk  http://www.ehow.com/how_2123715_give-good-lecture.html     InstructionsPlanning the Lecture1 Identify your audience: young students, college students, parents, business entrepreneurs, etc. 2 Identify your lecture topic. Sponsored Links GoldWave Audio Software Record, Edit, Restore, Convert... Voice, Music, MP3. Free download! www.goldwave.com3 Determine your time allotment. Consider how long the lecture will last and how much time will you leave for questions or announcements. 4 Outline your lecture material. Clearly state the main point of the lecture first. Next, lay out the supporting points and relative details, including the approximate amount of time you plan to spend on each topic. Finally, wrap up with a clear conclusion that restates the main point of the lecture. 5 Go through your lecture outline and highlight places where you can stop lecturing and reinforce your point in a different way. Engage your audience by asking questions. Make a point of using pop culture references. Turn to media for visual or audio aids. 6 Write out a detailed final lecture outline. Include complete topic sentences, quotes and references you wish to note, and questions you will pose to the audience. Highlight places where you will turn to media or incorporate other teaching methods. 7 Practice, practice, practice. Rehearse your lecture. Write in cues such as "Pause," "Breath," or "Scan Audience for Questions" and practice these motions as well. Make sure your language, tone and examples are appropriate for your audience. 8 Arrive at your lecture location early. Make sure any technology you plan to use works properly. Have someone sit at the back of the venue to evaluate your volume and enunciation. Giving the Lecture9 Grab your audience's attention. Open with a catchy quote, surprising fact or anecdote that the audience members can relate to. 10 Introduce yourself and briefly state what you have to offer your audience--what qualifies you to be here speaking. 11 Progress through your lecture smoothly, beginning with your introduction and flowing through your notes to the conclusion. Connect all ideas and examples. 12 Maintain eye-contact with your audience members. Scan the audience slowly, so that each audience member feels as if you are addressing him individually. 13 Speak clearly. Enunciate your words. Use good grammar. Project to reach the back of the venue, or use a microphone. 14 Ask your audience for any questions or comments following your lecture. 15 Thank your audience for coming to hear you speak.   Read more: How to Give a Good Lecture | eHow.com http://www.ehow.com/how_2123715_give-good-lecture.html#ixzz2D1lduGFZ