죽음과 슬픔에 관한 시 Peace, my heart, let the time for the parting be sweet.Let it not be a death but completeness.Let love melt into memory and pain into songs.Let the flight through the sky end in the folding of the wings over the nest.Let the last touch of your hands be gentle like the flower of the night.Stand still, O Beautiful End, for a moment, and say your last words in silence.I bow to you and hold up my lamp to light you on your way. ~Rabindranath Tagore  White Ashesfrom Rennyo's Letterstranslated by Hisao Inagaki et al When I deeply contemplate the transient nature of human life, I realize that,from beginning to end, life is impermanent like an illusion. We have not yetheard of anyone who lived ten thousand years. How fleeting is a lifetime!Who in this world today can maintain a human form for even a hundred years?There is no knowing whether I will die first or others, whether death will occurtoday or tomorrow. We depart one after another more quickly than the dewdrops onthe roots or the tips of the blades of grasses. So it is said. Hence, we mayhave radiant faces in the morning, but by evening we may turn into white ashes.Once the winds of impermanence have blown, our eyes are instantly closed and ourbreath stops forever. Then, our radiant face changes its color, and theattractive countenance like peach and plum blossoms is lost. Family andrelatives will gather and grieve, but all to no avail?Since there is nothing else that can be done, they carry the deceased out to thefields, and then what is left after the body has been cremated and has turnedinto the midnight smoke is just white ashes. Words fail to describe the sadnessof it all.  Thus the ephemeral nature of human existence is such that death comes to youngand old alike without discrimination. So we should all quickly take to heart thematter of the greatest importance of the afterlife, entrust ourselves deeply toAmida Buddha, and recite the nembutsu.Humbly and respectfully. Emily Dickinson BECAUSE I could not stop for Death-- He kindly stopped for me-- The Carriage held but just Ourselves-- And Immortality.  We slowly drove--He knew no haste And I had put away My labour and my leisure too, For His Civility--  We passed the School, where Children strove At Recess--in the Ring-- We passed the Fields of Gazing Grain-- We passed the Setting Sun--  Or rather--He passed Us-- The Dews drew quivering and chill-- For only Gossamer, my Gown-- My Tippet--only Tulle--  We paused before a House that seemed A Swelling of the Ground-- The Roof was scarcely visible-- The Cornice--in the Ground--  Since then--'tis Centuries--and yet Feels shorter than the Day I first surmised the Horses Heads Were toward Eternity--   John DonneDeath be not proud, though some have called thee Mighty and dreadfull, for, thou art not soe, For, those, whom thou think'st, thou dost overthrow, Die not, poore death, nor yet canst thou kill mee. From rest and sleepe, which but thy pictures bee, Much pleasure, then from thee, much more must flow, And soonest our best men with thee doe goe, Rest of their bones, and soules deliverie. Thou art slave to Fate, Chance, kings, and desperate men, And dost with poyson, warre, and sicknesse dwell, And poppie, or charmes can make us sleepe as well, And better than thy stroake; why swell'st thou then? One short sleepe past, wee wake eternally, And death shall be no more; death, thou shalt die.   Samuel HoffensteinThe dead they sleep a long, long sleep;The dead they rest, and their rest is deep;The dead have peace, but the living weep.  Samuel HoffensteinThe dead they sleep a long, long sleep;The dead they rest, and their rest is deep;The dead have peace, but the living weep.  The Rub&aacute;iy&aacute;t of Omar Khayy&aacute;m 21 Lo! some we loved, the loveliest and bestThat Time and Fate of all their Vintage prest,Have drunk their Cup a Round or two before,And one by one crept silently to Rest. Translated by Edward FitzGerald   When I Am Dead, My Dearest Christina RossettiWhen I am dead, my dearest,Sing no sad songs for me;Plant thou no roses at my head,Nor shady cypress tree:Be the green grass above meWith showers and dewdrops wet;And if thou wilt, remember,And if thou wilt, forget.I shall not see the shadows,I shall not feel the rain;I shall not hear the nightingaleSing on, as if in pain:And dreaming through the twilightThat doth not rise nor set,Haply I may remember,And haply may forget.   Henry Van DykeI am standing upon the seashore.A ship at my side spreads her white sails to the morning breezeand starts for the blue ocean. She is an object of beauty and strength,and I stand and watch until at last she hangslike a speck of white cloudjust where the sea and sky come down to mingle with each other.Then someone at my side says," There she goes! " Gone where? Gone from my sight . . . that is all. She is just as large in mast and hull and sparas she was when she left my sideand just as able to bear her load of living freightto the place of destination. Her diminished size is in me, not in her. And just at the momentwhen someone at my side says," There she goes! "there are other eyes watching her coming . . .and other voices ready to take up the glad shout . . . " Here she comes!"   Kahlil GibranThen Almitra spoke, saying, We would ask now of death. And he said: You would know the secret of death. But how shall you find it unless you seek it in the heath of life? The owl whose night-bound eyes are blind unto the day cannot unveil the mystery of light. If you would indeed behold the spirit of death, open your heart wide unto the body of life. For life and death are one, even as the river and sea are one. In the depth of your hopes and desires lies your silent knowledge of the beyond; and like seeds dreaming beneath the snow your heart dreams of spring. Trust the dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity. Your fear of death is but the trembling of the shepherd when he stands before the king whose hand is to be laid upon him in honor. Is the shepherd not joyful beneath his trembling, that he shall wear the mark of the king? Yet is he not more mindful of his trembling? For what is it to die but to stand naked in the wind and to melt into the sun? And what is it to cease breathing, but to free the breath from its restless tides, that it may rise and expand and seek God unencumbered? Only when you drink from the river of silence shall you indeed sing. And when you have reached the mountain top, then you shall begin to climb. And when the earth shall claim your limbs, then shall you truly dance. The ProphetKahlil GibranWalker & CompanyPhoenix Press, 1923   If Death is KindSara Teasdale Perhaps if death is kind, and there can be returning, We will come back to earth some fragrant night, And take these lanes to find the sea, and bendingBreathe the same honeysuckle, low and white. We will come down at night to these resounding beachesAnd the long gentle thunder of the sea, Here for a single hour in the wide starlightWe shall be happy, for the dead are free.   When I die...RumiWhen I diewhen my coffinis being taken outyou must never thinki am missing this world don't shed any tearsdon't lament orfeel sorryi'm not fallinginto a monster's abyss when you seemy corpse is being carrieddon't cry for my leavingi'm not leavingi'm arriving at eternal love when you leave mein the gravedon't say goodbyeremember a grave isonly a curtainfor the paradise behind you'll only see medescending into a gravenow watch me risehow can there be an endwhen the sun sets orthe moon goes down it looks like the endit seems like a sunsetbut in reality it is a dawnwhen the grave locks you upthat is when your soul is freed have you ever seena seed fallen to earthnot rise with a new lifewhy should you doubt the riseof a seed named human have you ever seena bucket lowered into a wellcoming back emptywhy lament for a soulwhen it can come backlike Joseph from the well when for the last timeyou close your mouthyour words and soulwill belong to the world ofno place no time ~RUMI, ghazal number 911, translated May 18, 1992,by Nader Khalili. When a man knows GodFrom: Svetasvatara Upanishad"When a man knows God, he is free: his sorrows have an end, and birth and death are no more. When in inner union he is beyond the world of the body, then the third world, the world of the Spirit, is found, where the power of the All is, and man has all: for he is one with the ONE."   Attitude toward Death The Teaching of Tecumseh Live your life that the fear of deathcan never enter your heart.Trouble no one about his religion.Respect others in their viewsand demand that they respect yours.Love your life, perfect your life,beautify all things in your life.Seek to make your life longand of service to your people.Prepare a noble death song for the daywhen you go over the great divide.Always give a word or sign of salute when meetingor passing a friend, or even a stranger, if in a lonely place.Show respect to all people, but grovel to none.When you rise in the morning, give thanks for the light,for your life, for your strength.Give thanks for your food and for the joy of living.If you see no reason to give thanks,the fault lies in yourself.Touch not the poisonous firewater that makes wise ones turn to foolsand robs the spirit of its vision.When your time comes to die, be not like thosewhose hearts are filled with fear of death,so that when their time comes they weep and prayfor a little more time to live their lives over againin a different way.Sing your death song, and die like a hero going home.   All Return AgainRalph Waldo EmersonIt is the secret of the world that all things subsist and do not die, but only retire a little from sight and afterwards return again. Nothing is dead; men feign themselves dead, and endure mock funerals and mournful obituaries, and there they stand looking out of the window, sound and well, in some new strange disguise. Jesus is not dead; he is very well alive; nor John, nor Paul, nor Mahomet, nor Aristotle; at times we believe we have seen them all, and could easily tell the names under which they go   Ryonen:When Ryonen was about to pass from this world, she wrote another poem: Sixty-six times have these eyes beheld thechanging scene of autumn.I have said enough about moonlight,Ask no more.Only listen to the voice of pines and cedarswhen no wind stirs.  Senseki:At last I am leaving: in rainless skies, a cool moon... pure is my heart    Banzan:Farewell... I pass as all things do dew on the grass.   Basho:On a journey, ill: my dream goes wandering over withered fields.   Nandai:Since time began the dead alone know peace. Life is but melting snow.