지나간다  바람이 세월이 너가 네가 밤이아침이 모두 일직선으로 지나간다 그것은 결국 pass away라는 밀을 남긴다Pass AwayWatch the world pass away, As time does, day to day.Nothing changing as lives move on. Listen to the sounds the tears make, As they fall because of everything at stake, Keep in mind the pain that raises those tears from sorrows eye. Remember the voices of the people past, The things they did, the things they said, will always last.Broken prescripts laying against the backdropp of damp Earth.  Wrap your arms around their ghost, For to their spirit and memory we toast, From goblets of their sweet, sour blood we drink.  Embrace their once unreal visions, As they are now what form our own decisions, For their dreamed fantasies have now become the future's reality. Drape yourself in the blanket woven by those preceding, Lay your head upon the bed, lay, your body bleeding, Blood of your own deception, your blank and hidden naivety. Let your silent cries flow like water in a river of truth, Spread the knowledge of the pasts grief and strife's to the youth, Teach them how the lives of people have been shaped, molded by tears. Walk through life with your head held high, Til one day you too will fade into history and ride to the sky, Live through what others have provided, teach, learn, and live!  Kneel before the feet of fate, Begin the future you will create, Becoming one who came before, another soul of time. Carry on the weight of people gone, Move their sight from night to dawn, Keep them alive with the strength you hold. Watch the world pass away, As time does, day to day, And slowly watch, them fade to gray.  By: Bethany Jane Maxwell April 5th,2011   Bethany Maxwell  Both my parents passed away fairly young, and then my brothers and I lived with our uncle.  When everything looks wrong in your eyes Remember pain will always be near For you to judge all your primary instincts A day will come, a new hope will rise  [CHORUS:] Now I'm different to the ones who betrayed me Now I'm rising but nothing will change Nothing will ever change!  To every time you look at yourself With all your lies and you think you can judge me? Your prison life is one step behind Become the pain and the HATE of the living  [CHORUS:] Now I'm different to the ones who betrayed me Now I'm rising but nothing will change Now I'm different to your eyes Now I'm rising but nothing... Nothing will ever change!  [SOLO]  As I rise from the ground I feel the HATE inside me It makes me stronger than ever! But for you, the weak, nothing will change!  Protect the truth and become restrained To your reprisal that won't be the last I become one with the fallen betrayers Death will remain a scar in my soul  [CHORUS:] Now I'm different to the ones who betrayed me Now I'm rising but nothing will change Now I'm different to your eyes Now I'm rising but nothing... Nothing will ever change!