오늘 11시에 박근혜대통령 탄액이 있는 날  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92bntDGkkPM  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXLI-THIDig  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKU1Gpwh09I  SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — South Korean President Park Geun-hye finds out Friday whether a court will remove her from office over a corruption scandal or allow her to complete her term. A look at the consequences of both possible decisions ahead of the Constitutional Court’s ruling: ___  IF PARK IS BOOTED Following weeks of protests that saw millions take to the streets, South Korea’s opposition-controlled parliament voted to impeach Park in December amid suspicions that she colluded with a confidante to filch from companies and allowed the friend to secretly manipulate state affairs. For Park to be formally removed, at least six of the court’s eight justices will have to support the impeachment motion filed by lawmakers, which accuses the president of extortion, bribery, abuse of power and leaking government secrets. Park has apologized for putting trust in her friend, Choi Soon-sil, but denies any legal wrongdoing 잠에서 깨어나 컴퓨터 시계를 보니 3:108시간 후면 운명이 결정된다 과연 박근혜대통령의 영어는 몇급일까 그녀가 유창하게 하는 영어는 인간의 누구나 거의 똑같은 23개의 염색체를 가진다 나와 대통령과 다르다면 XYXX 이다 English Level 23:SHAKESPEARE22:SHAKESPEAR921:SHAKESPEA820:SHAKESPE719:SHAKESP618:SHAKES517:SHAKE416:SHAK315:SHA214:SH113:S012:S----------------------------------------------------11:Teacher10:Teache49:Teach38:Teac27:Tea16:Te05:Te4:T-----------------------------------------------------3:pro2:Pr1:Phttp://www.globalresearch.ca/south-korea-president-to-be-impeached/5578495   SEOUL: South Korea's Constitutional Court will rule on President Park Geun-hye's impeachment on Friday at 11 a.m. (0200 GMT), a court spokesman said on Wednesday.  Park was impeached by parliament in December and stripped of her powers pending the court's ruling.  If the court upholds the impeachment, a presidential election will be held in 60 days. If the court strikes down the impeachment, Park will be reinstated.  The ruling will be televised live, court spokesman Bae Bo-yoon told reporters. He declined to comment on whether the judges had already reached a conclusion.  Park is accused of violating her constitutional duty by colluding with a friend, Choi Soon-sil, to pressure big businesses into making contributions to foundations set up to support her policy and allowing her to exert influence on state affairs.  Park and Choi have denied wrongdoing.  At least six of the eight judges on the bench have to vote to uphold the impeachment for the case to be approved, after the ninth judge, the chief of the court which rules only on constitutional appeals, retired in Januar    박근혜대통령 영어실력XX11Teacher The Impeachment of President Park Geun-hye (Korean: 박근혜 대통령 탄핵 소추) was the culmination of a political scandal involving the level of access to the presidency by an aide. The impeachment vote took place on December 9, 2016, with 234 members of the 300-member National Assembly voting to impeach Park Geun-hye and suspend her from the office. As a result of the impeachment vote, Hwang Kyo-ahn, the Prime Minister of South Korea, became acting president for a term of up to 180 days while the Constitutional Court of Korea rules on whether to accept or reject the impeachment. The procedure for impeachment is set out in the South Korean Constitution. According to Article 65 Clause 1, if the President, Prime Minister, or other state council members violate the Constitution or other laws of official duty, the National Assembly can impeach them. Clause 2 states the impeachment bill must be proposed by one third, and approved by the majority of the total members of the National Assembly for passage. In the case of the President, the motion must be proposed by a majority and approved by two thirds or more of the total members of the National Assembly, meaning that 200 of 300 members of the parliament must approve the bill. This article also states that any person against whom a motion for impeachment has been passed shall be suspended from exercising his power until the impeachment has been adjudicated and a decision on impeachment shall not extend further than removal from public office. Provided, that it shall not exempt the person impeached from civil or criminal liability. By the Constitutional Court Act of 1988, The Constitutional Court must make a final decision within 180 days after it receives any case for adjudication, including impeachment cases. If the respondent has already left office before the pronouncement of the decision, the case is dismissed. The last South Korean president to be subject to impeachment was Roh Moo-hyun, who was impeached by parliament in 2004 and was suspended from duties for two months. In that case, the Constitutional Court of Korea acquitted Roh and restored him to power.[3] However, the South Korean public was by and large in support of Roh.[4] Despite the infrequency of impeachment, every presidency since the start of South Korea's democracy has ended in some form of scandal.  https://www.capitalfm.co.ke/news/2017/03/s-korea-court-rule-president-park-impeachment-friday/    AGENCE FRANCE PRESSE, Seoul, Korea, Republic of, Mar 8 – The political fate of South Korea’s scandal-hit President Park Geun-Hye will be decided by the country’s highest court Friday, a spokesman said, when it will rule on whether to confirm her impeachment. Park was impeached by parliament in December over a major corruption and influence-peddling scandal that rocked the nation and prompted millions to take to the street to demand her ouster.         Eight judges at the Constitutional Court have been reviewing the validity of the motion.  “It has been decided that the ruling on the impeachment of the president will be announced at 11am on March 10,” a court spokesman said Wednesday, adding the decision would be televised live. If her removal is upheld, Park would become the first-ever South Korean president to be sacked by impeachment, and an election to choose her successor would be held within 60 days.  If it is rejected, Park, who has been holed up in the presidential palace with her power suspended, would immediately return to office and stay until the end of her term in February 2018.  The 65-year-old conservative president was elected in 2012 partly thanks to the popularity of her father and late army dictator, Park Chung-Hee.     But the scandal involving her secret confidante Choi Soon-Sil has triggered a dramatic downfall of the leader who once was dubbed the “queen of elections” due to staunch support from conservative voters. Choi is accused of using her presidential ties to force local firms to “donate” nearly $70 million to non-profit foundations she then allegedly used for personal gain. She is currently on trial for abuse of power, coercion and fraud.  Park is accused of colluding with Choi to extract money from the firms and letting the friend handle a wide range of state affairs, including the nomination of cabinet members.  A number of former presidential aides and cabinet members have been arrested and charged with abuse of power or leaking secret state documents to Choi at Park’s order.  Park has denied all wrongdoing. If she is forced out, she would lose the executive privilege that protects her from criminal indictment.  Thousands of her supporters have protested in Seoul and in front of the Constitutional Court in recent weeks, hurling personal threat against judges and vowing a “civil war” if she is sackedhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdjEy49tdSk