터득원리1 하나의 원리를 터득하는 일은 하나의 마음을 터득하는 일은밭을 가는 농부의 마음을 터득하는 일과는 다르다하나의 경기속에 감추어진 손수건을 찾는일은고도의 숨소리를 죽이면서 종달새소리를 바다에서 우는 감매기 소리를 집에서 서성거리면서 밤하늘의 별을 보는 알과는 사뭇다르다 내가 고도의 샌서로 바닥을 보면서율동을 느끼며 삶의 무게를 느끼며이 아침에 5에서 10으로 만드는 법을 터득하는 일은 마음을 완잔히 비우는 일이다이 아침에 5에서 10으로 만드는 일은 검은 우산을 쓰고 비내리는 날 경포호수를 걷는 뒷모습의 윤정희배우가 아닌것이다 이 모든 수모를 참고 욕심을 버리고 앞으로 전진만 하면 이 터득의 원리를 아는 일은 고도의 심리이며 밤하늘에 별자리를 보지 않고도 내일을 점치는 마법사의 얼굴을 한자이다basque country 다를 걷는자오늘의 그냥 지나칠수 없는 승부의 세계에 한 판을 만든다이제 바다에 상어떼인줄은 몰라도 낚시줄을 감지 말고 더 깊게 바닷속 고기를 잡기위해 팔에 힘을 주고 30분을 더 버티어라 대어가 아닌 숭어새끼라도 잡아야한다The Basque Country has long been an unexplored region in northern Spain and southern France. But that’s all changing these days since it’s starting to show up on travel itineraries – and rightfully so. As one of Europe’s oldest and most culturally rich regions, it has a lot to offer visitors. From modern cities, quaint villages and green landscapes to world class cuisine and Spain’s best wine region – the Basque Country has something for everyone.아주 낮선 거리를 구겐하임 박물관을 찾아가는 일이다 나는 이 아침에 가보지도 못한 도시를 상상으로 찾아가서 거기에서 이국의 향수를 느낀다 그것은 dangerous attack일줄은 몰라도 스릴을 느낀다   Bilbao is the beating heart of the Basque Country as well as the region’s largest and most cosmopolitan city. Bilbao’s main draw for visitors is, without a doubt, the Guggenheim Museum. This impressive building designed by the architect Frank Gehry, is considered to be one of the most important structures of contemporary architecture. The construction of the Guggenheim marked an important turning point in the history of Bilbao. Over the past several decades, the city has undergone a huge transformation. The old decaying industrial complexes along the river have been ripped up and a new modern Bilbao has emerged. Countless world class architects have since left their mark on the city. Today, in addition to the Guggenheim Museum, there is a timeless Metro system designed by Sir Norman Foster, an airport and a bridge from Spanish architect Santiago Calatrava and a community center (Alhondiga) designed by Philippe Starck. The list goes on and on.가짜 장례식을 중국에서 시작하여 한국에서 실시하고 다시 강릉이나 어디 다른 곳에서 준비중이다 http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/china/9984368/Chinese-undertaker-offering-fake-funerals-for-the-living.html  Chinese undertaker offering fake funerals for the living  A Chinese funeral parlour has courted controversy by laying on tearful farewells for the living  By Tom Phillips in Shanghai  2:19PM BST 10 Apr 2013     Last month, 24 pretend funerals were held at the Shimenfeng Celebrity Culture Park cemetery in the Chinese city of Wuhan.   "It was the first time we ever offered this kind of service," said Zhang Bei, the mortuary's 30-year-old "cemetery designer", who argued the experience could help people better appreciate their lives.   The fake funerals were the brainchild of Zeng Jia, a 20-year-old student, who became the first to lie down in a coffin during her fake wake at the end of March.   Ms Zeng, who is studying to be an undertaker, said she had come up with the idea after a relative suffered a brain haemorrhage and died in 2011. "I was so touched by this incident," she said.   Workers at the cemetery were initially confused by Ms Zeng's idea but were eventually convinced.