토요일 수업  강릉대 연구실에서 학생들은 인터넷으로 로버트 프로스트 시를 감상하고나는 시인이 되어 사월은 잔인한 사월 같은 먹구름 속에 피어난 국화꽃같은 하늘이 오후에는 보이고가지 않는 길 중에 한  길을 택한 교수로서의 역할을 하는 인생에서 시 한편은 구겨진 종이에 쓰여지기도하고아주 고운 종이 위에도 쓰여 지기도 한다인생은 소비되얼 소지의 종이는 아니지만 매 순간 없어지는 생명의 불꽃이 조금씩 타들어간다지만노화 방지를 위한 유전자를 발견한 과학자가 있다지만 지금 이 순간에도 지구를 도는 우주인  ISS에서 도키을 하고 우주를 바라본 시;간 이 점 모통이에서 오늘은 보강을 한 학생들과 그들의 이름을 부르고 수업을 하는 시간 시 한편이  지변동 해람지 분수대에서 전달되오 지는 순간 인간의 어마어마한 질문 Overwhelming Question을 해보며 시를 쓰는 시이이다 오후 한 나절 봄날은 간다 시 두편 Stopping by Woods on A snowy Evening Frost himself called this one of his “tricky” poems. First there is that title: “The Road Not Taken.” IF this is a poem about the road not taken, THEN is it about the road that the poet actually does take? the one most people do not take? the one that has perhaps the better claim,Because it was grassy and wanted wear;OR is it about the road the POET did not take, which is the one that most people DO take? OR, for all that, is the point actually that it does not matter really which road you take, because even when you look way, way down to the bend you can’t actually tell which one to choose: the passing thereHad worn them really about the same. And both that morning equally layIn leaves no step had trodden black.Take heed here. Note: the roads are really about the same. In the yellow woods (what season is this? what time of day? what feeling do you get from “yellow”?), a road splits, and our traveler stands for a long time in Stanza 1 looking as far as he can down this leg of the “Y” -- it is not immediately apparent which way is “better.” In Stanza 2 he takes “the other,” which is “grassy and wanted wear” (very good use of “wanted” here –- for it to be a road it must be walked on, without the wear it is “wanting” that use). Still, the nub is, they both are “really about the same.” Are you reminded of Yogi Berra’s famous quote, “If you come to a fork in the road, take it”? Because in Stanza 3 the similarity between the roads is further detailed, that this morning (aha!) no one has yet walked upon the leaves (autumn? aha!). Oh well, the poet sighs, I’ll take the other one next time. This is known, as Gregory Corso put it, as “The Poet’s Choice”: “If you gotta choose between two things, take both of ‘em.” However, Frost acknowledges that usually when you take one way you keep going that way and rarely if ever circle back to try the other. We are, after all, trying to get somewhere. Aren’t we? (This, too, is a loaded philosophical Frost question with no easy answer).  So we make it to the fourth and final Stanza. Now the poet is old, remembering back to that morning on which this choice was made. Which road you take now seems to make all the difference, and the choice was/is clear, to take the road less traveled. Old age has applied the concept of Wisdom to a choice that was, at the time, basically arbitrary. But because this is the last stanza, it seems to carry the weight of truth. The words are concise and tough, not the ambiguities of the earlier stanzas.  The last verse so upends the whole poem that a casual reader will say “Gee, this poem is so cool, listen to your own drummer, go your own way, Voyager!” In fact, though, the poem is trickier, more complicated –- at least that’s the way I see it.  In fact, when he was living in England, which is where this poem was written, Frost would often go on country rambles with the poet Edward Thomas, who used to try Frost’s patience when trying to decide which route to take. Is this the final trickiness in the poem, that it is actually a personal gibe at an old friend, saying, “Let’s go, Old Chap! Who cares which fork we take, yours, mine or Yogi’s? Either way there’s a cuppa and a dram at the other end!”?  From Lemony Snicket’s The Slippery Slope: “A man of my acquaintance once wrote a poem called ‘The Road Less Traveled,’ describing a journey he took through the woods along a path most travelers never used. The poet found that the road less traveled was peaceful but quite lonely, and he was probably a bit nervous as he went along, because if anything happened on the road less traveled, the other travelers would be on the road more frequently traveled and so couldn’t hear him as he cried for help. Sure enough, that poet is now dead.” http://www.poemlove.co.kr/?doc=bbs/gnuboard.php&bo;_table=poem&wr;_id=103447