펜티하나를 말리면서  펜티는 영어로 underwear 이다 나는 오직 펜티 하나만을 빨아놓고 아침 대통령 선거에 가기위해 방바닥에 말리면서 완전히 마르면 대통령 선거에 가야한다발리 투표를 하고 나의 마음을 결정하여야한다 펜티 하나를 말리면서 떠오르는 생각 어제는 아름답운 하루였나새로 번호판의 차들이 겨울 하늘에 살며시 비켜간다 비디오 복사속에 나의 목소리는 아직은 젊은 사람이다 누님들의 목소리가 넘쳐흐른다 이것도 추억의 소리가 감긴다   123Shop by CategoryBriefs   Trunks   Boxer Briefs   Bikinis   Thongs   Jocks   Undershirts   Shape Enhancers   Maximum Exposure    UNDERWEAR  When it comes to men’s underwear, guys today have just as many options as the ladies—everything from everyday basics to sexy men’s underwear. Gone are the days when your choices were limited to tighty whiteys or boxy shorts, nowadays guys can find everything from sexy men’s bikinis to super hot men’s underwear like men’s thongs, men's jocks and men’s g-strings. Of course, there are classic briefs, men's boxer briefs and trunks, men's undershirts and even shape enhancers.   Let’s start with the most basic of men’s underwear styles: briefs. This classic cut fits close to the body and offers comfort and just the right amount of coverage. Calvin Klein®, UnderGear® and Contour offer some of the best everyday basic briefs in soft stretch knits with special contouring for comfort and support. Briefs also come in fashion colors and fabrics. Some of the best are offered by C-IN2®, 2(x)ist® or Body Tech®, and combine bold details and trendy colors with comfortable coverage.   If you like a bit more coverage, you’ll want to check out trunks and boxer briefs. The longer length and smooth fit of trunks is great when you want support, and with their muscle-hugging contours they can be a surprisingly sexy underwear option too. Check out Unico®, N2N® or Man Zone®. For those who prefer something looser, boxer briefs offer length with fit that’s a little roomier. Top sellers from Andrew Christian® and Good Devil® continue to be customer favorites.   If you’re looking for sexy underwear some of the hottest looks in men’s underwear are from brands like Andres Velasco®, which combines fashion trends with a touch of Latin flavor. Up the drama with edgy styles from Doreanse and Extreme Collection®. So how bare will you dare to go? For starters, men’s bikinis, like the designs from DMK® and Male Power®, offer the perfect balance of coverage and exposure, many are specifically designed with no-show waistbands which offer a sleek look under tight low-rise jeans and pants. Thongs are another great option, as the barely-there back and front pouch are virtually invisible under clothes. We’re hearing really great things about the super-sleek, modern thong from Clever®. Some of the best men’s thongs offer enhancement which will give your whole look a major boost. Get a load of the forward-thinking designs from brands like Joe Snyder, Cocksox™, Intymen®.    These days jocks have stepped out of the gym and entered into seriously sexy territory. You’ll be amazed at the variety of materials and styles available—everything from faux suede and leather to the clingiest spandex. They still offer support and keep your jewels safe, plus these hot men’s underwear styles from Duke® or Pikante will definitely bring the attention front and center.   When is less more? When it’s a men’s g-string. This minimal style delivers maximum exposure and is the next best thing to being bare.    Shape enhancers can really help you accentuate the positive, hide the negative and will do wonders for how you look and feel. If you’re looking to boost your bottom line, Shape Enhancers® is exactly what you’re looking for. Want to tone and tighten faster than the gym? Shape-enhancing undershirts from Spanx® and 2(x)ist® will have you looking buff instantly.          http://www.undergear.com/Underwear/ug-underwear,default,sc.html?siclientid=4383&sitrackingid;=211707179&src;=UGPKW&cm;_mmc=BING-_-B_UnderGear-_-Mens+Underwear-_-mens'+underwear_Broad&siadid;=616447383&siquerystring;=underwear