행운의 절반 친구  나에게는 누구가 잔정한 친구인가 오늘도 새로운 친구가 나를 찾아온다그러나 나는 친구를 맞을 준비가 안되었다친구는 누구나 다 친구가 될수 있다 Beyond a doubt, we must know and remember that true friends can and will improve our lives. A friend is usually someone you are not related to by either birth, marriage or from any legal ties that bind you. Normally, a friend may be a casual, close, best, realist, nurturer, motivator or role model friend. But some friends will be more than just a close or role model friend, for example, and may even be a nurturing and best friend as well. Whatever kind or category of friend someone has, if the person is a true friend, then there are some distinctive good reasons why real friends are important. Real friends can be a source of self-esteem, affection, and good times. In times of despair, for example, true friends will offer hope. The right friends can help someone feel worthwhile. Real friends are even known to significantly assist a friend get elected a class or student president, and even the President of a country. Some of us will remember that school, work, parenting, and senior citizen life are better and more fun when shared with friends. But for the friendship to be real, some factors are necessary and must be present in true friendship. Some of the factors are honesty, faithfulness, similar religion and culture, loyalty, being a good listener, love, having ideas in common, and to a lesser extent, age and intelligence. Now these are all characteristics that can be acquired and practiced in a very sincere manner to enhance a current friendship-relation and also to gain additional friends. But there are other reasons why real friends are essential. Friends are important to even happy people or married couples. Friendship affirms and validates in a more distinctive way than even the positive romantic or blood tie. We must be very aware that real friendship is vital throughout life. But you can quickly discover real and good friends when you are down or when you require their assistance the most. Why? Because a real friend will not desert you when you are down, and will not turn against you in jealousy, for example, when you succeed.