활고르기 When it comes to archery, there is a large variety of bows and arrows from which you can choose. As a beginner, you may feel overwhelmed. Is a traditional wood bow better, or should you get the laminated carbon bow that's been reinforced with fiberglass gratings? Essentially, your decision should be dictated by your reason for purchasing the equipment, your skill level, and your budget.  If possible, decide what you want in a bow before you go looking. You may be enticed by all the bells and whistles when you really don't need them. If you want to learn archery for fun, you don't need professional level gear. Once you have something in mind, go to a store that sells bows and arrows and look at the selection, picking up the bows and checking out the sizes. Find an associate who can answer your questions.  If you are a beginner, choose a bow that doesn't weigh too much and that isn't difficult to pull back. Experts look for bows that deliver precision, and these are not always easy to use. You'll probably want to choose between a recurve and compound bow. A recurve bow, curved at both ends, is cheaper but requires more skill. A compound has a guide and uses pulleys, making it a little easier and more accurate. It is, however, more expensive. As far as material goes, beginners (especially children) do well with fiberglass bows.  Knowing your size will help you narrow down the options. Find your ideal size by holding a 30-inch arrow alongside your arm, notch end against your chest. Measure one inch past your finger tips. This is your arrow size. Use a sizing chart to find the corresponding bow size. For example, a 25- 26-inch draw length will use a 65- 66-inch bow. Next, determine the draw weight. Your draw weight will probably be 30-45 pounds; this is the best weight for tournament or repetitive shooting. Hunters will use heavier, and thus more powerful, weights.  Finally, choose your arrows. You'll probably want wooden arrows if you're just starting; these are the cheapest. Aluminum and carbon aluminum are the most expensive--wait on these until you're participating in serious tournaments. Fiberglass is good for informal hunting. There are, of course, additional items you may want to buy, such as arm guards and quivers. Take a look at those as well..  Now that you know what to look for, head down to a recreation store and choose your bow and arrow! Read more: http://www.articlesnatch.com/Article/Choosing-The-Right-Bow-And-Arrow/1157072#ixzz0ob4qgtt9 Under Creative Commons License: Attribution No Derivativeshttp://www.taoregon.com/links.html  http://www.bowhunter-ed.com/