cherry seeds extractWith the power that some lovin' can bringMakes the mountain high stacks of money and thingsThat I need changeAnd fade away sometimesWhen I look in the mirrorI see a little clearerI am what I amAnd you are you toDo you like what you see?Do you like yourself? Chorus:Money loveAnd goldpaymentsWe spend our lives thinking they are saviorsMoney talks but love is for realAnd you know that, uhuhuh... Then a picture comes into my mindEverybody knows you need some money sometimesCould it be that we need lovin' to surviveSo look into my eyesI wont tell you liesWho do you see?Do you see yourself?Do you like what you see?Do you like yourself? Chorus So how do we drink in a sinking ship?How do we float in a sinking boat?How do we rock when the rock is rollin'?Give me a float & keep the mool a rollin'?Talking about talking about talking about moneyNothing's for free in the land of milk'n honeyGot a foot on the bridge over troubled waterA credit cards cool but I'll settle for a quarter...  http://www.warriorforum.com/main-internet-marketing-discussion-forum/394345-cherry-picking-start-making-money-online.html Gee! How they come here?... you are asking.  Read and you'll see. It happened on a warm June day, that a five and half years old boy felt bored alone. So, he went to the neighbors. There were kids in the same age groups, and he wanted to spend fun time with those kids.  They were in their dining room and ate cherries at that time. Since there were a few cherries in the bowl, they offered them to him. This boy felt like to eating cherries, so he joined to the group. The cherries ran out soon. They wanted more. So, the group went out into the garden, and climbed the cherry tree. While cherry picking, they enjoyed themselves. This boy also picked off cherries enthusiastically.  How delicious this fruit can be! Are you able to imaginer: one cherry into a small pail, another one into mouth. Ahhh... the darker is finer. Look! There is a nice one on another branch. The boy climbed over and picked that. Mmmm... fine. Ohh! He discovered another darker one on an other branch. He climbed over and picked it as well. Uhh! Look forth now... a delight also offerings itself. That one also may be fine over there... let's go for it.  Craaccckkkkk!!!!! The branch, which he climbed on, broken, and the boy fell. He struck himself thorougly, and was hospitalized for four weeks. He learnt; look where you enter and know why. The rush isn't worth. Alternating constantly between brighter fruits and branches may be quite dangerous.  So far about the story.  But... why am I saying you this?  Because there is an exact similarity between that boy and a newcomer who want to start to make money online, IMO. As the boy wanted cherries, so the newbie wants to earn cash on the web. And that is possible, as we experienced.  So, the beginner starts with a money making online system purchased somewhere. Skimmed the downloaded material and he thinks, it's not what was expected. Seeing a new offer other day, he buys it in thinking that will be better and more fruitful than the former.  But... this isn't the real thing as well. He says: let's see the another one... that may be the best for me - as the boy thought about cherries.  As you can realize, he falls into the trap of newer and shiner options. And things will continue this way. For a while. When - one day - the crash occurs. The beginner losts his money, the initial enthusiasm, and his trust.  He will be disappointed and gives up. And, of course, complains everywhere.  You can see many similar cases. I got emails and questions related, nearly everyday. The answer is same, oftentimes. And I believe, the permanent rush for newer and most new things is the biggest trap newbies need to avoid.  Why?  You know, time is needed, until you can say about something that that fails. After your purchase, you... - must to know what you bought, - need to understand how the product works, - need to implement properly what you learned, - at stucking somewhere, re-learn that part,  - need to check back, what did you do and how.  And... if you still feel you lost, ask for help of the product creator/seller.  Important: do not buy anything which comes in your way. I only buy any product - being it even the most tempting - if I can use it in two weeks. Otherwise I don't care, if it also offered to me by sixtysix people.  Please, bear in mind, most of the product creators spend tremendous time, cash, and their best effort to make useful money making product. They test their product before sale. They earning cash with that products, so can you, too. But, for reaching this, you need to invest. Into the product, methods, devices, your time, and last but not least - into yourself. And don't bounce between the fruits / products needlesly. Just taste one at a time. You'll know which one is best for you.  Today I picked off cherries in our garden. I remembered this story. You know, I was that boy and fell from the cherry tree more than six decades ago. And I fell the aforesaid trap when I started online as well. I learned what was needed. And YOU? Greetings, Sandor  누나의 말 밥먹엇나그리움이 없다 http://www.torchbrowser.com/welcome?appid=139  자 한번 먹어보자 그리고Does money make the world go around?Money, it seems to be on everyone’s minds right now, and Cherry Healey wants to get girls talking about it.  In this programme she meets women of all financial backgrounds, from millionairesses to women living on the breadline, from money warriors to city girls. Cherry takes her usual cheeky yet earnest look at the wonderful world of money and the times of change we are living in.   http://www.drg.tv/ProgramDetails.aspx?ProgramDetail=11985  Cherries are a fruit that can be available year-round in the form of fresh, dried or frozen fruit, or juice. They are filled with antioxidants called anthocyanins and provide health benefits such as reducing inflammation, belly fat and total cholesterol. Cherries are beneficial if you suffer from heart disease, arthritis and gout. According to the United States Department of Agriculture, a half-cup serving of cherries has 224 calories and provides 56 mg of calcium, 428 mg of potassium and 378 mg of vitamin A.   Read more: http://www.livestrong.com/article/475020-cherries-almond-extract-for-joint-or-muscle-pain/#ixzz2HhvloXY2http://www.yummly.com/recipes/cherry-seed-extract  http://www.livestrong.com/article/475020-cherries-almond-extract-for-joint-or-muscle-pain/