Paul Lee English 101 Expository Essay #2 (Essay 4 of 5) Professor Buddy Roberts 2/24/1994             The Value of Life Experience    Our life consists of various stages: infancy, childhood, adolescence, and adulthood. During these periods of life, we learn early social interactions, relationships with parents and siblings, social skills and understanding through relationships with peers, social relationships with parents and peers, and social and psychological changes. From childhood to adulthood, we are continuously glowing in cognitive, emotional, and morale processing, building strongly our identity and behavior through classroom education and life experience. I think everyone put the value of learning in different way based on his or her view and vision to the life. Life experience, for me, is more valuable than classroom education because I believe life experience significantly affects on my life than classroom education does to get a lesson. According to The American Heritage Dictionary (1985), the word “valuable” means “having high monetary or material value for use or exchange” and “having admirable or esteemed qualities or characteristics.” I define the word “valuable” for learning in our life means “having important elements” for quality of life.    To have important elements for quality of life, we may basically need education in classroom but like in Maya Angelou’s “Finishing School” and Frederick Douglass’ “Learning to Read and Write” of the ways of learning, we also need an educational experience outside classroom. Angelou writes her biographical story about a painful lesson learned in a white woman’s kitchen (that is “finishing school” as she named). When we acknowledge her “mastering” skills and habits she learned there, we understand why Angelou declared that “during my tenth year, a white woman’s kitchen became my finishing school” for her outside educational experience.    As Angelou’s story, in “Learning to Read and Write,” Douglass tells us his learning experience in Master Hugh’s family to read and write, accomplishing outside classroom. As a young slave boy, after he was educated by his mistress and white boyfriends, his tireless reading of a dialogue between a master and his slave makes him aware an idea of the “voluntary emancipation of the slave on the part of the master.” Douglass’ second lesson of writing started after he could manage to read books and understand words like “abolition” and “abolitionist.” I think it is the most significant elements that they were Douglass’ mistress, Master and little friends who gave him “valuable” life experience to read and write.   Comparing Angelou and Douglass’ life experience with my own life experience, I would like to explain the lessons that I got from the outside of school. Like life experiences  Angelou and Douglass encountered, I got reading and writing experiences to read and write Japanese language in my early life. For learning Japanese language, I can remember the first time when I was very much interested in reading Japanese. As a junior high school boy in Yesan, Korea, my home town, I have first read the Korean version of Ishihara Shintaro’s Japanese novel “Seijundowa nanda” (What is Youth?), who was regarded as a young idol writer representing the national club of “sun follower” in Japan. The fresh love affairs happened to those young people so that I was impressed greatly. Then, I wanted to study Japanese. I tried to memorize the fifty alphabets (Gojuonju) through the first night I bought the small fundamental book. Studying Japanese language like a Japanese honor student, I became a self-taught student who could read and write it in a few months. Since then, I can fluently read and write but speak.   For other example of my life experience to learn a lesson, I can tell you that I got it for writing poetry and translations of literary works from others or mine. Since 1969 (when I was a college freshman at Inha Institute of Technology), I began read and write poetry written in Korean or English. I took some regular poetry workshop or poetry reading with my literary friends outside of school. As the case of studying Japanese language, I began reading poems and writing poems, and understanding them by myself, learning along with my friends. Self-studying to read and write a poetry or Japanese language gave me a better lesson and has been helping me a lot in many ways including daily life.    At least, as far as I feel the same way on a significance of life experience like Angelou and Douglass have experienced in their stories. I strongly believe that every thing we get or contact in the daily life becomes a teacher to those who voluntarily engage with lesson from others. I can conclude that I believe life experience was more valuable than my classroom education.                   - Paul Lee 이풍호 시인