Paul Lee 이풍호English 476 Ethnic LiteratureProfessor BendixenMay 4, 1993-------------------------------------------------- Richard Wright's Awakening and Imaginationin Chapter Two of Black Boy*  In Black Boy, a chronicle of Richard Wright's earliest childhood, the author-narrator tells autobiographical episodes through his rebellious attitude springing from his most inner emotion. Though Richard, in the story, was born as a boy and a human like any other whites, he becomes to suffer in many ways in the society because of his race. He suffers hunger because of his race; he suffers anger because of his race. His race suffers its fate. While being conscious little by little about his fate, he asks many questions to his mother who is already consumed her strength and tired to answer because her life is in isolated, deteriorated society from the whites. Richard Wright's process approaching to an awareness of his race and fate is blocking by being treated brutally and tyrannically at home. In Black Boy, as John Reilly described, Wright achieves self-education about all his questions in rebellion against the conventions of Negro society. For his self-education, in chapter two, Wright's awareness or awakening of his race and fate moves him to imagination that plays a role in his later Lee 2  life of other chapters.In chapter one Richard Wright, a four-year-boy, reveals his rebellious personality by setting his grandmother's house on fire in Mississippi. Though he suffers family brutal punishments, his rebellious spirit continues to endure them and to him, "every happening in the neighborhood, no matter how trivial, becomes his business" (30). His awakening of the relations between whites and blacks frightens him but he confesses that "though I had long known that there were people called 'white' people, it had never meant anything to me emotionally. I had seen white men and women upon the streets a thousand times, but they had never looked particularly 'white.' To me they were merely people like other people" (30).After questioning to his mother about the beating of the black boy by the white man, Wright bewilderingly tells us his beginning of awakening his identity that "whenever I saw 'white' people now I stared at them, wondering what they were really like" (31). In chapter two to live with his mother's sister, Richard Wright is going to leave "the hated home, hunger, fear, leaving days that had been as dark and lonely as death" (44). At that moment leaving the rude Lee 3 orphanage, his mind is "filled more with sense of coming freedom" (44) and he realizes that "what had been taken for our emotional strength was our negative confusions, our flights, our fears, our frenzy under pressure" (45). A rebel from his early years, Wright now confesses his keen observation that "whenever I thought of the essential bleakness of black life in America, I knew that Negroes had never been allowed to catch the full spirit of Western civilization" (45). He defines the black people lives in the civilization as outsiders. After the episode of Ella's whispered story of deception and murder, we can see Wright's perception is growing as he says that the story had been the first experience in my life that had elicited from me a total emotional response" (48). But his rejected awareness by his mother and grandmother keeps him "quiet." In the series of episodes like Uncle Hoskins and elephants in chapter two of Black Boy, keeping him quiet and ignorant makes Wright fly into the world of imagination. We know that Richard's naive experiences in nature strike us for his awakening of himself while he endures brutality and ignorance from his own family. Richard continues to observe "the days and hours" of hisLee 4 environments and to conceive the wonder of them: summer nights, sweet magnolias, tall green grass, a ball of cotton, pitying chuckle, song of a yellow-black bee, glasses of milk, stares of white folk, smell of cooking cotton seeds, excitement of fishing, the fear and awe at sawmill, a half-ripe persimmon, taste of wild hickory nuts, the dry hot summer morning, first fried fish sandwich, stomach-ache from eating stolen, unripe peaches, morning-fear from dreaming of a bright little green garden snake, and days and nights of drizzling rain...While experiencing whites and blacks on his trip to Arkansas, Wright shows his another awakening of the difference between two races and wants "to understand these two sets of people who lived side by side and never touched" (55). Now he wonders that his grandmother is white and what the whites think of her whiteness. His strongly curious conversation with his mother on the train move the readers so much because his questions about the racial issue on his grandmother, father and himself are so important to his awareness of his identity. Before they arrive in Elaine where his Aunt Maggie lives, he comes to close his conclusion that someday he will find out himself what his mother doesn't tell him about his questions. It is Lee 5 important moment that we have to note his determination is building already in his deep mind though his attitude is not ripen as his mind.After leaving of his aunt, Richard tries to sell his poodle "Betsy" for a dollar because he is so hungry. But failed negotiation with a young white woman, he didn't want to sell to her because she is "white" as he says. Now he becomes superstitious while he becomes to be awakening fear with the whites. Richard tells us "magic possibilities" based on observing unfavored environment that he cannot do anything with. As the chapter two of Black Boy closes to the end, Richard Wright's imagination consciously grows about the perception of race. He declares that "because I had no power to make things happen outside of me in the objective world, I made things happen within. Because my environment was bare and bleak, I endowed it with unlimited potentialities, redeemed it for the sake of my own hungry and cloudy yearning" (83). He realizes that his feelings and imagination on the whites becomes more serious business in his boyhood life: As the war drew to a close, racial conflict flared over the entire South. . . The warLee 6 itself had been unreal to me, but I hadgrown able to respond emotionally to everyhint, whisper, word, inflection, news,gossip, and rumor regarding conflictsbetween the races. Nothing challenged thetotality of my personality so much as thispressure of hate and threat that stemmedfrom the invisible whites. (83)  Wright also convinces his awakening is strongly toward the white neighbors: "I would stand for hours on the doorsteps of neighbor's houses listening to their talk, learning how a white woman had slapped a black woman, how a white man had killed a black man. It filled me with awe, wonder, and fear, and I asked ceaseless questions" (83). Closing the chapter two of Black Boy, it is important for us to know that Richard Wright is still growing his senses of awakening confrontation with the whites. With the fantasies derived from his imagination, Richard reveals his strong feelings of the threat of the whites' violence and he becomes more realistic with his emotional life that confronts with the hostility of the whites as he describes his mind and feeling about the white people (than physical Lee 7 hunger) that "the hostility of the whites had become so deeply implanted in my mind and feelings that it had lost direct connection with the daily environment in which I lived" (84). We can surely know that Richard Wright's awakening becomes his imagination to develop his perception on the facts of confrontation between the whites and the blacks in his later life until seventeen years of the story written by Richard Wright himself.