Paul Lee Professor CarrollEnglish 221June 10, 1991------------------------------------------------------------  On the Theme of Free Will and Paul Bowles' View on the Nature of Human Will in "The Sheltering Sky"   Paul Bowles's The Sheltering Sky, the story of three Americans travelling in North Africa after the Second World War, describes the philosophical existence of the characters in the human world such as in the horrible desert. In this essay I will discuss the theme of free will and Paul Bowles's view of human will in the world as represented by North Africa in his novel, The Sheltering Sky. At the beginning of this novel, Bowles chooses a quotation from Eduardo Mallea: "Each man's destiny is personal only insofar as it may happen to resemble what is already in his memory." His quotation can be interpreted as meaning "destiny is a fate whatever you choose." Bowles is also something unique and different as an author. In this story, there are very few characters: Port, Kit, Tunner. This story is about Kit (Mrs. Katherine Moresby) and being lonely in the universe. Port and Kit are very excessive characters in the story and they are travelling from one place to another, struggling in excessive settings. The author, Paul Bowles, says that every human being has his own free will, just as Port and Kit have their own free will in the story. As for Port, travelling is now his living but he is not connected to any place or any person. He is living aimlessly. Kit also lives in a different world from Port. There is an isolation between Port and her - a lack of connection between their lives, as their free will exists. Kit's will wants to be close to Port, but he doesn't notice her will and pushes her away. So when she realizes his will, Kit got mad. In the story we can see the scene showing that their (Port and Kit) different "free will" works: "She had eaten, and now was thinking of what he had told her (with ill-concealed relish) about having got rid of Tunner. Because she, too, had secretly wished him gone, it seemed to her a doubly ignoble thing to have done. But why? He had gone of his own free will. Then she realized that intuitively she already was aware of Port's next move: he would contrive to miss connections with Tunner at Bou Noura. She could tell by his behavior, in spite of whatever he said, that he had no intention of meeting him there. That was why it seemed unkind. The deceit of the maneuver, if she were correct, was too bald; she determined not to be a party to it. 'Even if Port runs out on him, I'll stay and meet him'" (128).ConcerningA the nature of human will, Bowles says that human beings are insignificant in North Africa and his vision of life is very aimless in Sahara in this story. He also tells us that under the threatening "Sheltering Sky." Here Port and Kit symbolize all people everywhere. The hostile, sheltering sky symbolizes the enemy of human beings there and life is also depicted as a living hell; life is nothing, nothing out there. The episode, "Tea in the Sahara," represents the nature of human will wandering aimlessly from the one dune to the other dunes. Paul Bowles says, in his story, that wherever Port and Kit go in North Africa, there is for them because there is no change within them and although their love is still burning, they lack will power. Bowles's novel gives us how Kit (and Port) perceives the human world and human relationship under the severe, isolated circumstances in the Sahara, North Africa and makes us realizes that our life is important in the universe.  - Paul Lee 이풍호 시인