Paul LeeDr. CarrollEnglish 320August 14, 1991------------------------------------------------------------- Symbolization of Alec d'Urberville and Angel Clare in Tess  Thomas Hardy's Tess of the d'Urbervilles is a novel about Tess from the time she is sixteen to the age of about twenty-one. Thomas Hardy has described Tess's life during this period and there is the continuous events from the beginning of the story until she dies. Though we meet other characters in the novel, Tess's story is important. She as a intelligent, attractive, and naturally dignified human being is told us by Hardy that the woman sins and the woman pays. In Tess, Hardy sees life in terms of action - fateful incidents. Fate appears in the form of nature which affect the lives of the characters. Among the characters of the novel, Alec d'Urberville and Angel Clare are opposing individuals to Tess's fate as a helpless woman. When Tess meets Alec and Angel, we see that she becomes an agent in her own  Lee 2  destiny of searching for love. How does Hardy symbolize Angel and Alec in Tess? To answer this question, I will discuss symbolization of Angel and Alec in Tess's life of the novel.Angel Clare is represented as a human being set apart from those around him. As the youngest son of the Reverend Mr. Clare of Emminster, he is no longer interested in preparing for the ministry like his clerical family because he is too liberal and his semi-emancipated thinking has alienated him from his family's single-minded approach to life. Angel joins the agricultural community to prepare for his future life as a farmer. Thomas Hardy characterizes Angel to reveal many controversial subjects of the 19th century's Kingdom of the Wessex in the South of England. Angel cannot accept all the dogma of the church and doesn't try to become a minister like his father. Hardy uses Angel as a key element for the distinction between religion and morality in Tess. Although intellectually liberated from orthodox Christianity, Angel is more dependant upon the Christian ethic and believes good morals are "the only safeguard for us poor human beings." Alec d'Urberville is the evil man in Tess's life,  * To read full text >> http://mylib.kll.co.kr/gen/main_0602.html?kkk=5&sss;=1&sl;=1&id;=paullee&no;=3605&sno;=29202&n;=25