Paul LeeEnglish 417Professor SullivanDecember 3, 1992-------------------------------------------------------------- Cleopatra's Love for Antony  In Antony and Cleopatra, one critic said of Cleopatra: she is the 'spirit of love.' Another critic considered Cleopatra as the symbol of lust, or as a martyr for love, or a powerful force in the politics of her time. In the play, I can also say that Cleopatra, the fascinating Queen of Egypt, is acting as a lewd whore who has seduced Antony whose position is very likely a morality-play central figure.The lofty, hyperbolic nature of the pairing of Antony and Cleopatra is figured by allusions to the myth of Hercules in its renaissance forms and connotations. Antony, forty-one years old hero when the play opens, who claims as a descent from Hercules, is at the crossroads making his choice between the virtue and pleasure of the ladies and is the central figure of mankind assailed on the one hand by Lust (Cleopatra) and helped on the other hand by Reason (Caesar). Initially seduced by Cleopatra, who was twenty-eight years old when she met Antony, he throws off the Lee 2 fetters of Lust and accepts Caesar's offer of marriage with Patience (Octavia). Cleopatra has characteristics remarkably like those of a Vice: deceitfulness, weeping, mocking the snared victim with scorn and derision, false assumption of virtue to achieve vice, rapid change of mood, domination of the victim, readiness to point the moral of Antony's weakness. The great care with which Shakespeare elaborates the relationship of Antony and Cleopatra. As an important point in the play, the last earthly meeting of the 'mutual pair,' this would be an astonishing and unexpected state of love affairs. Antony in contrast proclaims his love great beyond earth and heaven. In Act I. scene ii, after an identification of the Egyptian court with idleness, and some possible parodying of Antony's love, Antony decides to end the affair. Enobarbus makes coarse comments on Cleopatra's love. In Act I. scene iii, Cleopatra insists that she has been knowingly deceived by Antony's insincerity. In Act I. scene iv, Caesar denounces Antony's love because it interferes with his public duties. In Act I. scene v, Cleopatra declares that she loves Antony more than her previous love Julius Caesar. The love story of Antony and Cleopatra has captured the imagination of Lee 3 the world, and has left generations sighing. It is equally clear that Cleopatra has a sincere and profound love for Antony.  Eternity was in our lips and eyes,Bliss in our brows' bent; none our parts sopoor,But was a race of heaven, They are so still,(Act I, scene iii, lines 35-7)  and,  'Tis sweating labourTo bear such idleness so near the heartAs Cleopatra this,(Act I, scene iii, lines 93-5) have a depth of feeling that belies light love. In the quoted speeches, there are two themes of earthly suffering and ecstatic immortality that inform Cleopatra's relations with Antony, and that move through the solemn curse she would call down on herself, and her dream of Antony, who claims that their love requires the creation of a 'new heaven, new earth.'Although characters in the play condemn Cleopatra Lee 4 as whore, there is no confirmatory presentation of her vices. She is committed with a singleness of mind to Antony. Cleopatra meets Antony, falls in love with him, and she appears to be totally devoted to pleasure and to finding fulfillment through her relationship with him. Her love for Antony becomes, ultimately, the most important thing in her life. Her love indeed embraces contradictions: if her love for Antony is fiercely possessive, it is also deeply dependent. The strength of her passion is hidden by the superficial mannerisms that she uses to manipulate people, so that initially in the play, she is considered as a simple woman. At first, she would like Antony to marry her, but he is married to other women, Fulvia and Octavia. Antony is a heroic figure, who is finally driven to make a choice between his allegiance to Egypt and Cleopatra. He cannot have both: he first decides to give up all for Cleopatra and then decides to return to Rome. Antony and Cleopatra are lovers in a powerful play, Antony and Cleopatra. Shakespeare deploys sharply contrasting aspects of Antony's main concerns, love and rule. He juxtaposes in the same scene Enobarbus' ominously prophetic description of Cleopatra's overwhelming seductive power over Antony. As Enobarbus comments, Antony's courtesy Lee 5 makes it impossible for him to say 'No' to a woman. One can see his concerns on Cleopatra. Even when holding to his determination to go to Rome he compromises with her. As Cleopatra, in despair after receiving the news of Antony's marriage to Octavia, had bitterly described him 'painted one way like a Gorgon,' and had attacks the messenger, so Antony in jealous rage has Thidias whipped, and accuses her with savage bitterness of gross intemperance. Antony's inconstancy to her and his present shame at Actium parallel Cleopatra's past shame and present suspected inconstancy to him. The exposure of each other's weakness awakens the knowledge of their vital need for each other, and their spirits revive in the emblematic scene where Cleopatra and Eros arm Antony for the battle.Cleopatra progresses to self-knowledge and self-realization. At Actium her influence destroys Antony's military supremacy and his honor, and her love is challenged. She rides out Antony's fury and then assures him of her sincere love in terms most solemn and impressive to a Shakespearean audience for their dependence on Old Testament narrative. If her attraction led Antony to destruction, now her love and imagination preserve his heroic image at Lee 6 the same time as with humility she becomes aware of her own essential womanhood. Womanhood is the theme of the Clown's inconsequent and sometimes ironical gossip. Cleopatra now makes explicit, "I am fire and air; my other elements I give to baser life" (Act V, scene ii, lines 285-6). In her trans-like ecstasy she seeks Antony as a wife seeks her husband, and feels the pleasure of the asp as a baby at her breast. Both as man and woman look forward to their reunion, a perennial human hope, Antony claims their love is constant. From whatever deeps of passion, Antony and Cleopatra grow a love that achieves simplicity, wholeness, and universality. Cleopatra's death is a consummation of their love. It gathers up the past ecstatic moments at Cydnus, the immediate 'lover's pinch' of death, her 'immortal longings,' and the future in her vision of Antony, her husband (Act V, scene ii, lines 279-83). One can also note that Antony's love for Cleopatra destroys him. The overwhelming nature of their love brings material ruin to both. Antony's military reputation, rank, honor, and for a time apparently even Cleopatra's love is lost. Shakespeare makes Cleopatra's greatness manifest in her courage, resolution, and in the decorum of her Lee 7 ritual death with its imaginative fulfillment, sensual and spiritual, of womanhood. Like Antony is stripped of everything that made the name of Antony resound throughout the Roman world until he is 'no more soldier,' a mere man, Cleopatra too is stripped of lover, liberty, possessions, authority, and comes to the self-knowledge of 'No more but e'en a woman.'The story of Antony and Cleopatra in the play was widely used as an illustration of the evils of lust and sometimes of pride as well. One critic regarded the lovers, Antony and Cleopatra, as martyrs for love. Another critic viewed that there was a good deal of compassion for Cleopatra. It is a very point that there is a love of woman as the cord of the world in Antony and Cleopatra. If we can understand that the love of Cleopatra for Antony, like her character, continues to be deeply imperfect to the end of her life, we are nevertheless to understand that, like her character, it has its measure of nobility. If Cleopatra never comes to have a love for Antony to match his love for her, she at least comes to have magnificent visions of what it would be like to achieve such a love, and her climatic vision leads her to call him husband as she dies. That the love of Antony and Cleopatra cannot prevail against the ambition of Octavius Caesar is the Lee 8tragic theme of the play. - 이풍호 Paul Lee