Paul LeeEnglish 222Professor David Carroll8/19/1992-------------------------------------------------------------- Oedipus' Responsibility on His "Fate"in Oedipus the King  The beginning of the play shows us that Oedipus, king of Thebes, is in crucial situation he must get out and restore his peaceful land for his people and himself. As a priest reports to Oedipus, the city of "Thebes is dying" (line 31) due to the dreadful plague devastating everything in the city. People came to ask him to relieve the country from the plague. When Oedipus appears before the crowd as a leader, he proudly shows his intention to know "the truth" (line 6) from messengers about the plague. After the priest explained all the terrible things happening by the plague, he has sympathy on his people and decidedly promises: "I'll do anything. I would be blind to misery not to pity my people kneeling at my feet." (14-15) Oedipus' purpose is to know the cause of this plague and the cause is revealed by the words from the god, Apollo, through Creon, who was dispatched by Oedipus to the oracular shrine at Delphi, where the "prophecy" concerning Oedipus came out for his "fate." This "prophecy" and Oedipus' "fate" are interwoven with his own actions throughout the play. To interpret Lee 2 Oedipus' own actions and life choices, studying gods' "prophecy" and his "fate" shown in the play is very much important. Now, to Oedipus, Creon reports Apollo's commands: "Drive the corruption from the land, don't harbor it any longer, past all cure, don't nurse it in your soil - root it out!" (109-111) And Creon answers Oedipus' anxious question that "the source of the trouble" (113) is the "murder" who "sets the plague-storm on the city" (114) and who killed King Laius. According to Creon's description of killing of Laius, Oedipus thinks that it was "impossible" that "A thief" could kill King Laius. Oedipus tries to find the murder and punish him for King Laius as he would do for his own father. (301) Looking for an advice to search the killer, Oedipus invites prophet Tiresias and praises him to get "the truth." Unwillingly with Oedipus' threaten, Tiresias tells Oedipus that "you are the murder you hunt." (413) But Oedipus does not believe "the truth" with his anger. Oedipus accuses the prophet and doesn't recognize prophecy and his fate controlling his life and country. Oedipus' anger, which was a motive of killing Laius at the crossed roads when he was escaping from Corinth, where he got prophecies that he will kill his father and marry his mother, now becomes unreasonable accusation against Creon as one who tries to kill Oedipus and steal his crown and power. Lee 3 (596, 598) Oedipus tells Jocasta, who is his wife, that the prophet said he killed Laius, Jocasta's husband. Now, Jocasta tells an oracle's prophecy that Laius will be killed by his son. (784-787) But she says Laius was killed by "strangers, thieves, at three roads meet" and their son was not three days old when they sent a boy "fastened his ankles to a barren, trackless mountain." (791-793) Hearing these episodes from Jocasta, Oedipus recalls his killing of a man and becomes to realize that he is probably "the murderer" he is looking for. (935-37) Believing something wrong with the killing and prophecies, Jocasta encourages and consoles Oedipus, who fears about Polybus and the queen, "to live at random, best we can." (1072) Now, we know that Oedipus faces ways how to be sure prophecies on his life and how to escape or control his terrible fate of the oracle. Meetings with messenger and shepherd, Jocasta shows her fears about the prophecies, her baby, Laius' death, and her marriage. She realizes that the prophecies are true and kills herself. Oedipus also realizes the prophecies came true and he says: "I stand revealed at last- cursed in my birth, cursed in marriage, cursed in the lives I cut down with these hands!" (1308-1310) Blinded Oedipus hears chorus scolding his fate. And Chorus asks him "Dreadful, what you've done. . . how could you bear it, gouging out your eyes? What superhuman power drove you on?" Lee 4 (1464-66) But Oedipus accepts his action and fate resulted by the god's prophecies: "Apollo, friends, Apollo- he ordained my agonies - these, my pains on pains! But the hand that struck my eyes was mine, mine alone - no one else - I did it all myself!" (1467-73) With chorus, He painfully realizes his fate but his pride or anger is still alive: "It's mine alone, my destiny - I am Oedipus!" (1496) Oedipus asks to exile but Creon, new king, tells him that "Only the gods can give you that" (1668) and "None of your power follows you through life." (1677) Thus, Oedipus' own action with his anger, pride, and life choices brought his tragedy. Considering position of the "prophecies" by the oracle and controlling of Oedipus' "fate" from his own actions, we have to note the importance of religious thoughts in ancient Greece for Sophocles. This play, Oedipus the King, shows us that every human being must take responsibility for his own acts and results in any situations of his motives and inability to control in his life. Oedipus' ordeal is resulted from his own control over his "fate" knowingly or unknowingly. Like in the final chorus of the play, Oedipus should live as "no man happy till he dies, free of pain at last" (1685) by his own control over his fate through the oracle's prophecies.  - Paul Lee 이풍호 시인