English 319 Midterm Examination, Fall 1991 ========================================== Question 1. Write on one of the following Two topics: B. Examine the developing sense of the identity in either Adam or Eve. Answer on B: John Milton's Paradise Lost (1667, 1674) is an epic which describes to "justify the ways of God to men" (Book I, line 26) with a massive and delicate structure. As Milton says, in The Argument, the whole subject of Paradise is "man's obedience, and the loss of thereupon of Paradise" (I, The Argument). We can see the primary cause of this Paradise's major subject is Satan, who had rebelled against God with a huge number of angels and had been cast out of Heaven into Hell before Adam and Eve were created. I examine the developing sense of identity of Adam since his creation in the Garden of Eden and until his fall with Eve.In the balancing structure throughout twelve books, the most important balance is that the adventure of the fallen Satan in the beginning of Paradise Lost balances the history of fallen mankind, Adam and Eve, in the later Book. In Book 4, the poem shows us that Satan, who is "infernal serpent" (I, 34), lands on Mountain Niphates(in modern Iran), from which he can see the Garden of Eden where Adam and Eve, "Two of far nobler shape, erect and tall, Godlike erect" (IV, 288-289), live with all kind of living creatures" (IV, 286-287). Adam and Eve are "not equal , as their sex not equal" (IV, 296). We can see Milton's acknowledgement of the  Page 2 concept on the story of the Fall of Man in Genesis in the Old Testament. In his poem, Milton says that Adam is the "goodliest man of men" (IV, 323) and he is also superior to Eve. According to Milton's statement, Adam was made for "contemplation" and "valor" and his physical characteristic is manliness as in his expression of "His fair large front and eyes sublime declared absolute rule... his shoulders broad" (IV, 300-303), while Eve was made for "softness... sweet attractive grace" (IV, 298) as a secondary place with her womanliness. Born weaker morally and physically than Adam but ideally beautiful (IV, 304-311), jealous Satan seduced Eve in her sleep. In Book V of Paradise Lost, Eve's dream caused by Satan affects her subconscious and it is a suggestion rather than a conscious temptation. Telling Adam about her dream, Eve describes that Satan calls her "with gentle voice" (V, 37) like Adam's and tempts to make love (V, 41). And Satan's temptation is "Taste this, and be henceforth among the gods/Thyself a goddess, not to earth confined" (V, 77-78). After Eve finishes telling her dream, Adam comforts Eve: "The trouble of thy thoughts this night in sleep/Affects me equally; nor can I like/This uncouth dream, of evil sprung, I fear...In thee can harbor none,/Created pure" (V, 96-100). In this communication, Milton shows the reader what Adam's duties to Eve are. Adam has the duty of protecting Eve in Eden and Eve is "Best image" and "dearer half" (V, 95) as Adam calls her meaning of "wife" or "spouse." To understand the developing sense of identity in Adam, I think we try to know the true relationship God gave Adam and Eve. Eve is made by God from Adam's rib to be a companion for him and her chief duty is loyalty and  Page 3 obedience to her husband and to bear children for him, while before the Fall he is capable of talking with God and has strong leadership in the Garden of Eden. But In Book IX, the Fall of Man, which we can call this the tragic event, happens to Adam and Eve living in Eden. Adam and Eve discuss about "their growing work" and "gardening so wide" (IX, 202-203) and finally, Eve suggests to divide labors and separate rather than working together (IX, 205-225). Adam agrees and Eve leaves him. When Eve is working alone, Satan in the serpent tempts her with "Pleasing was his shape,/And lovely" (IX, 503-504). Although Eve is seduced to eat the forbidden fruit by the Satan, Adam is not seduced. Eve seduced Adam to eat: "On my experience, Adam, freely taste" (IX, 988). Adam knows he is linked to Eve more closely, because she is actually made out of a part of him. In the end of Book IX, as the developing sense of identity in Adam, Milton presents Adam's destiny is to argue about who is right. Paradise Lost indicates developing world: for developing sensibility of man, Milton's explanation develops it during the Fall, so, Adam has choices whether he accepts Eve's temptation or leaves the Garden of Eden. Finally, Adam chooses Eve's temptation and is to die with Eve after the fall as his identity. --------------------------------------------------------- Question 2: Consider how John Dryden employs Miltonic allusion or parody in Absalom and Achitophel. Answer: In 1681, John Dryden publishes his allegorical poem, Absalom and Achitophel, which is famous for its brilliant portraits of the king's enemies and friends through the  Page 4 biblical analogues of the remarkable parallels between the rebellion of Absalom against his father King David (2 Samuel 13-18). In the Restoration of Charles II and the following century, sophisticated forms of satire and irony are developed through the use of literary allusion and parody. In Absalom and Achitophel, Dryden employs Miltonic allusion such as the temptation scene which, like other passages containing biblical names, is influenced by Paradise Lost.For literary allusion or parody between "Absalom and Achitophel" and "Paradise Lost", In line 14, "godlike David" is an allusion to God in Milton's Paradise Lost.Adam-wits (line 51) allude with Adam, who is intelligent and is able to talk to God, in the Garden of Eden. "The "The bad found no occasion to rebel" (78) is a Miltonic allusion to Paradise Lost's "Satan's rebellion" in Heaven against God. In lines 169-173 of Absalom and Achitophel, "unfeathered two-legged thing" is an allusion of Satan in Paradise Lost. "Golden fruit" (202) and "tree" (203) are a miltonic allusion to Paradise Lost's "the fruit of the Tree of Knowledge" and "Tree of Knowledge", respectively."Emissaries" (210) is allude to "Raphael" who makes a officially visit to Adam and Eve. "Royal youth" (250) alludes with "Adam" who was made by God. "Royal planet" (231) alludes to "Garden of Eden" where Adam and Eve live with animals. In lines 232-234, "longing country" and "second Moses" are "Eden" and "Gabriel" who is an angel in charge of guarding the Gate of Paradise and will later announce to Mary the coming of Jesus, respectively."Ambitious youth" (309) is an allusion to Paradise Lost's "Michael" who is a chief of the angelic armies carring battles against God's enemies. "Hell's dire agent" (373) is an allusion to Paradise Lost's "Mammon,"  Page 5 who is characterized by greed for tangible wealth and stays in Hell.   ---------------------------------------------------------Question 3: Discuss the poet's literary technique or uses of language in the following passage. Answer on B: Now therefore, while the youthful hueSits on thy skin like morning dew,And while thy willing soul transpiresAt every pore with instant fires,Now let us sport us while we may, 5 And now, like amorous birds of prey,Rather at once our time devourThan languish in his slow-chapped power. This Andrew Marvell's poem, "To His Coy Mistress" was published in 1681. In "To His Coy Mistress," which can be called as a "love lyric," Marvell arranges an argument to persuade his mistress to take advantage of opportunity and short youth as other lyric poems are organized in an expression of a mood or state of feeling."To His Coy Mistress" has images of play (young speaker's) and the victimized (coy mistress) and consists of three aggressive movements of suggestions or proposals by a young speaker: first movement (lines 1-20), second movement (21-32) and third movement (33-46). This quoted passage is third or conclusion movement of suggestions or proposals. For metrical reading in the poet's literary technique, first four lines of quoted passage can be shown as Page 6 follow: x / x / x / x /Now therefore, while the youthful huex / x / x / x /Sits on thy skin like morning dew, x / x / x / x /And while thy willing soul transpires x / x / x / x / At every pore with instant fires, The meter of this poem is iambic tetrameter with commonest variation, while rhyming pattern is a a b b.... The theme, in "To His Coy Mistress," is the poet's persuasion or suggestion for making love (or simply love) with a shy and attractive mistress. The poem reveals "he (the speaker) wants her, but she (mistress) is reluctant." In the first movement of his suggestion or proposals, Andrew Marvell shows his feeling to us that "if you tease me all the time, then to be coy would not be a crime." The second movement can be described "but if you don't tease me, then to be coy would be a crime." And for the conclusion, the third movement of marvell's poem tells us that "therefore, to be coy is a crime." The progression of the poet's suggestion or persuasion comes to a conclusion in this quoted passage. In lines 1- 4 we learn that the poet imagines the coy mistress wears the "youthful hue," like a diamond, with fresh body like a hanging dew of a rose and also hopes that she willingly understands his unceasingly enthusiastic urges for love. And the poet keeps on persuading to show publicly their possible relationship of sexual love "like amorous birds of prey" (5-6). Further, he, in lines 7 and 8, presents his strong feeling or warning on her to have her get a  Page 7 message what he wants from her: with great expectation, he wants to make love quickly with her before his passion of youth becomes lacking in strength or will. On the poet's literary technique and uses of language in "To His Coy Mistress," marvell's language is sensual and serious to propose his love to a coy mistress who does not unwillingly response.   - Paul Lee 이풍호 시인