Paul LeeProfessor CalabreseEnglish 340 - Writing the Critical Essay (3rd Essay)20 February 1995------------------------------------------------ Mother’s Love and Son’s Love  Sons and Lovers, the story of the Morel family, shows the episodes related to the development and ideas of D. H. Lawrence’s characters. Like his own autobiography, Lawrence tells us about the Paul Morel from childhood to the time his mother died. Lawrence wrote the book about his mother’s life and his own. The book was not a biography but a novel. He named himself Paul Morel and his mother, Getrude Morel. In this autobiographical novel, the episodes in the story are closely based on Lawrence’s life and experiences. We can also say that all the major events reflect Lawrence’s own difficult childhood and adolescence. There is a love between Paul and his mother Gertrude Morel. Also sometimes, there is a sense of loneliness between them. Their love and loneliness come up as joys and trials of human beings.How can we interpret their love realistically? Lawrence uses realism in the novel. Like his real life, his realism appears with the detailed realistic scenes of love among the coal-mining family and other women in the story. As Julian Moyanahan explained “early criticism of Sons and Lovers made much of its Oedipal themes of the crippling effects of a dominant and frustrated mother’s fierce love on the emotional development of her two Lee 2older sons” (viii). Sons and Lovers was one of the first British novels dealing with sexual matters. It reveals the sexual childhood affection of a young boy for his mother. This novel is well known as one of the freudian novels. Dr. Sigmund Freud, a Viennese neurologist and the father of the psychiatry, believed that children naturally have sexual drives, and the first focus of these feelings is the parent of the opposite sex. In Sons and Lovers we can find an abnormally passionate attachment between Mrs. Morel and her sons.Especially to understand the passionate attachment between Mrs. Morel and Paul, it is necessary to find the relationship among the major characters in the novel. First of all, we can see the relationship of Gertrude and Walter Morel, Paul’s parents, is an unbalanced couple. Walter was a hard-working coal miner with a lively spirit and a severe drinking problem while Gertrude, who was a small, stern woman with self-confidence, social and intellectual ambitions, and a great joy in living. She differed markedly from her rough, sensual and uneducated husband who was inviting self-destruction through drink and irresponsibility. Unlike the Morels’ other children, his mother did not want Paul. The poverty-stricken household can not easily handle another hungry mouth to feed. When Paul is born, Mrs. Morel determined to make him feel loved, to compensate for his unwanted conception. After William, who is the eldest son and the favorite of the family, dies of pneumonia in his cold, all Mrs. Morel’s passions and aspirations pour into Paul. As he becomes the center of his mother’s universe, Paul truly begins to live. Lee 3Young Paul Morel appears to hate his father because of vulgarity and alcoholism, and worship his mother. Most important to the story, Paul is torn between his passion for two young women, the mystical Miriam and the sensual Clara, and his unyielding devotion to a possessive mother Mrs. Morel. The reader may see Paul merely as a gifted son under the control of a dominating mother. Some readers feel that Paul’s feeling for his mother is more passionate and that his difficulties with Miriam and Clara stem from this unresolved passion. Only his mother’s death frees him at the end of the story. As Paul grows into manhood, he meets the Leivers’ daughter Miriam who grows closest to him. But Paul finds his abstract, spiritual relationship with Miriam unsatisfactory. Mrs. Morel, however, is jealous of Miriam’s influence over Paul. She fears Miriam will consume the life and energy out of him with her dreamy mysticism. He eventually realizes he wants to have a sexual relationship with her, but starts to hate her and treat her cruelly because her whole life is geared toward heaven and a mystical sense of nature. At the Leivers farm, Paul meets Clara Dawes, who helps him find the courage to approach Miriam as a lover. Finally Paul and Miriam make love. They are not satisfied with the act. Miriam acts as if making love is an unenjoyable sacrifice she endures for Paul’s benefit only. Paul can not stand her feeling. He finally follows his mother’s advice and ends his affair with Miriam. In hope of finding an outlet for his intense sexual passions, he turns to Clara. Paul and Clara have an affair. Clara satisfies his sensuality without breaking his attachment to his mother. But Clara, like Miriam, wants to make their relationship permanent, or at least stable. This is impossible because of Paul’sLee 4devotion to his mother Mrs. Morel. The failures of his relationships with Miriam and Clara are caused by Paul’s great strength from his mother. In order to interpret Mrs. Morel’s love to Paul, we need to know her act to her sons. She dislikes her sons’ girlfriends and makes it difficult for her sons to find happiness with his girlfriends. Mrs. Gertrude Morel also lets her sons know that she is living just for them. She often seems to be doing wonderful things for her children, but the resulting impact on their lives cripples them. We can feel that Mrs. Morel is so important to William and Paul that all their girlfriends are not favorable comparing her love. Again, according to modern psychological theory, as formulated by Freud and others, Mrs. Morel has replaced her husband with her sons because she can not accept her husband’s irresponsibility or drinking habits. When She hates Miriam, we may say that she fears the young girl will take her son away from her. In conclusion, Sons and Lovers is considered as a story of the unnatural devotion of Paul Morel to his possessive mother. Sigmund Freud described the novel as a fictional study of the “Oedipus complex” that borrowed from the old Greek myth of Oedipus. The hero unknowingly kills his father and marries his own mother, as a reflection of man’s subconscious sexual desires. Freud believed that a child’s earliest sexual attraction (at about three to five years of age) is to the parent of the opposite sex. Paul Morel seems very much like a man suffering from an Oedipus complex. At times Paul’s relationship with his mother is disturbingly passionate. He hates his father and dreams of living exclusively with his mother. The readers can think that Paul has grave problems finding a Lee 5satisfying relationship with any woman other than his mother. Mrs. Morel encourages her son’s dependence and is envious of Miriam who is her rival for his affection. He tells us that the relationship between Paul and Gertrude goes too far. Their extremity of love reveals to some readers like myself. As D. H. Lawrence readers, what we have to consider as an important thing is what is Lawrence trying to teach us. He teaches us their love is harmful to the family. Along with the Oedipus complex, there is also the positive aspects of Paul’s relationship with his mother. She encourages Paul’s art, education, and social advancement. She lives for her sons and does anything to see them make their way in the world. Paul’s life on his own is just beginning at the novel’s end. “He would not take that direction, to the darkness, to follow her. He walked towards the faintly humming, glowing town, quickly” (420). Lee 6Works Cited Moynahan, Julian, ed. D.H. Lawrence: Sons and Lovers. New York: Penguin Books, 1977. - Paul Lee 이풍호 시인