Paul Lee 이풍호English 425Professor Steven JonesMidterm examRewriting--------------------------------------------------------------- Discuss the awareness of the mortality in Gilgamesh and Odyssey Gilgamesh in the Sumerian epic and Odysseus in Homer's Greek Odyssey are the major characters who struggled their life for the eternal life in their times. Mortality of human beings is considered different concepts in comparing with gods' immortality that many human beings like ancient kings, noble men and women. They always searched for their eternal life decisively. Throughout two stories, Gilgamesh and Odyssey, Gilgamesh and Odysseus try to achieve their goal for immortality. In the epic of Gilgamesh, Gilgamesh who was once a wise and powerful but tyrannical king in the ancient Sumerian city of Uruk. two-third a god and one-third a mortal body, he was a strong wrestler. While Gilgamesh abducted any woman whether she was single or married, the people of Uruk were greatly distressed because of his lustful acts. In the city of Uruk there was the mighty Enkidu who was created by the goddess Aruru thanks to the people's prayer to overpower Gilgamesh. He was mortal and had animal power, roaming with the wild beasts. In comparing Gilgamesh who is somewhat mortal and immortal, Enkidu is a mortal, primal man who was born and raised in the wilderness. After a wrestling match with Gilgamesh, Enkidu was invited to live in the palace. After traveling the Cedar Mountain Gilgamesh and Enkidu returned to Uruk with the Cedar's Ishtar, in the fight of Enkidu and Ishitar, the goddess Ishtar gave him a mortal curse. Thus, after twelve days of sickness Enkidu died.Gilgamesh was inconsolable over the death of Ekindu and he realized that he must die one day as well. Gilgamesh is devastated by the loss of his friend and he knows that his achievement of human fame becomes meaningless to the reality of the death. Now Gilgamesh rebels against mortality and tries to find out the secrete of immortality. When he meets Utanapishtim and hears about the Flood Story, then he can crosses the perilous waters by the help of the ferryman. And he arrived at the home of the immortal man. Gilgamesh can get the precious plant for the eternal life of himself and the people of Uruk under the sea.On the way home in Uruk from the journey, a snake ate the plant that can give Gilgamesh etenal life. He wept and thought that the snake would live forever and human beings must die.Odysseus was a hero in Homer's Odyssey, who wandered thirty years abroad while maturing his life. He is intensely self-reliant, confident of his own powers against the mortality or fate. He leaves Ithaka as a young man to participate in the Trojan War lasted ten years and spend another ten years of wandering with ordaining by the gods. Finally, he returns home in his forties with the help of the king of the Phaeacians. During his wandering years, Odysseus endures all the series of adventures and torments that caused by the malice of the god, Poseidon. When he was on Calypso's island, he was sitting in tears by the seashore and eager to be home once more. returning home, and living with his wife and son again, his every wish has been given by the god, except Poseidon. Odysseus is the survivor who overcame all the difficulties.  - Paul Lee 이풍호