Paul Lee 이풍호English 425 Epic and LegendProfessor Steven JonesJune 1, 1993--------------------------------------------------------------- Athena's Role on Rebirth of Odysseus  In Homer's Odyssey Odysseus takes a journey, dramatically from Troy to Ithaca, actually from birth to death, metaphysically from death to life. His journey is never exhausted. It is too much a part of reality and real life, of imagination and daydreaming. Odysseus leaves to Trojan War (1184-1174 B.C.), undergoes terrible ordeals and tests, and returns to Ithaca with a more stronger force than when he left. He leaves as the ruler of an island kingdom and returns as the most famous adventurer, experiencing gods' helps and troubles during his journey. Here in my report I focus on the goddess Athena's true relationship or influence and role to Odysseus in fulfilling "rebirth" upon his returning journey to Ithaca along with general comments on Homer's Odyssey. Though the Odyssey has a clearly divided into three parts of the structure (Books 1-4; 5-12; 13-24), there is an underlying organizing principle which gives true solidarity to the long epic poem and direction and purpose to its variable of adventure stories. Homer chose as the efficient motif of the Odyssey the wrath of Poseidon. Because of an offense against the unity, Lee 2 Odysseus has to wander over the Mediterranean Sea for ten years after the end of the Trojan War. This organizing motif gives the Odyssey a sense of purposeful direction, and after Odysseus is freed from Poseidon's denunciation, there is see a successful blame to the adventure story.The Odyssey is the epic of adventure and travel of Odysseus, not the epic of great battles and the destruction of great cities. Odysseus is hero of the poem and he is the most versatile character in Greek literature. He has flaws, but they are overshadowed by his virtures. The most importance of Odysseus' characteristics is his cleverness. Odysseus travels to enchanted islands and makes love to enchanted princesses. He probes the depths of Hades, survives Scylla and Charybdis, tricks the Cyclops Polyphemus, and is shipwrecked often. The character Odysseus operates on many levels as a hero who is father, husband, lover, warrior, tricky, and, at the end of the Odyssey, a murderer. In Odyssey, Homer's gods are used to explain extraordinary events and actions. Thus, when a warrior shoots an arrow farther than usual, the warrior will say that Ares, god of war, pulled back the bowstring for him. This can be the only explanation for his having shot so well. Lee 3 The gods are used to explain bad actions as well as good ones; for example, when Penelope, who is Odysseus's wife, refuses to choose a suitor, Antinous says that the gods have put the idea of refusal into her head (Book 2). The characters in Homer's epics believe that through the gods they can explain all acts that weren't rational; that is, that were not the normal actions of a normal mortal. Anything out of the ordinary must be the result of a god's purpose.In his epic Homer had the power to make the gods appear. In Odyssey Odysseus, the craftiest of mortals, constantly has Athene, the goddess of war, wisdom and craft as one of thirteen gods and supernatural beings, by his side aiding him whenever she can. Athena is highly partial to Odysseus and his family. But this does not decrease Odysseus' stature and quality. In fact, it enhances his stature, for what Athena's presence indicates is that Odysseus' powers are so much beyond ordinary mortals that they can only be explained in terms of divine help. Athena is the natural choice for Odysseus' divine figure since she is the ageless ideal of reason which is Odysseus' great characteristic.What the Odyssey tells us is Odysseus' search to find his place in the world through his continuous Lee 4 adventures. Throughout the stories, his search can be described as "rebirth." It is a struggle for Odysseus even to reach the fairyland worlds of the Phaeacians, Cyclopes, Lotus-eaters, etc., no less the real world of Ithaca, where he will be "reborn." Odysseus' journey does not take him directly from Ogygia to Ithaca in either fact or symbol. He must first undergo several dangers and near-deaths. His journey to the underworld is the geographical symbol of his closeness to death. In Odysseus' search Homeric gods operate on several levels. They are "immortal mortal" subject to the same passions and emotions which rule mortal man like Odysseus. But they are also these emotions and passions personified. Ares, for example, is not only the god of war, he is war itself. When we say Ares helped Odysseus, we mean that Ares was present in physical form to give him and the god also encouraged Odysseus with the spirit of war.As she was described before, Athena is the goddess of skill and craft. She naturally admires these kind of talents in mortals and Odysseus is also the most skillful and crafty of all mortals. We can think of her delight in Odysseus' lying episode (Book 13) when he attempts to hide his identity from her, mistaking her a shepherd. Athena is so delighted with Odysseus' smart Lee 5 lying, that she praises him in words that set him above all mortals. Thus, we can conclude that Athena leads the gods in cleverness and Odysseus leads the mortals. To understand Athena's role on rebirth of Odysseus, we should note that as the personification of skill and craft, she is present in Odysseus far more than in any other mortals. When she praises him like in the episode of Book 13, Athena is in Odysseus, and since Odysseus encompasses more of Athena than does any other human, she naturally favors Odysseus, so she is a large part of him, who is searching for immortality through rebirth. - Paul Lee 이풍호