Paul Lee English 101 Expository Essay #2 “Parents and Children” (Essay #2 of quarter) Professor Buddy Roberts 2/1/1994 (Revised 2/19/94, 3/1/94)  Methods of Raising Children in “Marriage As a Dada Concept” and “Two Kinds”     Understanding Frank Zappa’s and Amy Tan’s approaches to raising children, we can characterize Zappa’s methods in “Marriage As a Dada Concept” as more “modern” and the mother’s methods in Tan’s “Two Kinds” as more “traditional.” These significant differences also can be described as the “present” and the “past,” originating from Western and Asian “cultural perspectives” respectively.    My childhood reminds me of Tan’s story. The mother’s methods of raising her daughter moved me a lot, made me re-think of my traditional Korean culture in my family. I am still feeling more comfortable and better with the mother’s approaches to raising children.             As a western writer, Zappa declares, “as far as rearing children goes, the basic idea I try to keep in mind is that a child is a person.” In his practical extension to his “personal philosophies and attempt for raising children,” he tells us that children are “organisms unto themselves.” In the section “Cruel and Unusual Punishment,” Zappa makes clear his view by telling us his preference for “cultural education” not the “school system” for raising children.    Zappa depicts his children as ones who have “acquired all the basic skills - like being able to read and write, knowing how to do arithmetic and having some basic knowledge of science - and also some manners.” But in an ironical way on a “modern” motif about “education,” he takes a reconciliation position rather than rejecting “school:” “if children decided to go to college, he wouldn’t stop them so long as they wanted to pay for it.” An advocate for the traditional value of education in Korea, while the systems between two countries are similar in many ways such as educational psychology, periods, sociology, principles, and so on. I would like to support my children who pursue their goals through the higher education in America, too.       In her short story “Two Kinds,” Tan tries to show a typical Asian relationship between a Chinese mother and a Chinese-American daughter who have different goals and desires. Unlike Zappa’s views on individual preference and free will in raising children, the mother in “Two Kinds” gave more emphasis on her daughter’s future so that she can make her dream come true for an American dream in home, school, and society. She believes she can make her daughter a “prodigy” when her daughter was nine. The mother wants the “American dream” for her daughter, wishing for Ni Kam to become rich and famous. Ni Kam comes to hate her mother, who gives pressure. But Ni Kam says, “I pictured this prodigy part of me as many different images, and I tried each one on for size.” She sometimes senses that the prodigy in her becomes impatient. She feels she is disappearing and will always be nothing.    The mother in Tan’s story uses the methods which can help her daughter become a prodigy in dancing, music, and various school work, following the goals and desires for her daughter. These “traditional” approaches to raising children have significant differences from Zappa’s “modern” methods. The mother’s traditional methods can be  successful sometimes, but they also can fail in the immigrant families in the American society. Comparing Zappa’s methods with the mother in “Two Kinds,” we can say they have more possibilities of success than the mother’s success in the mainstream of this society because the younger generations in the immigrant society can easily get through most difficulties they encounter than the older people do.    In conclusion, comparing what I understand of the two writings of Zappa and Tan, I believe their significantly different approaches to raising children are very important to understand the significant differences between the Western and the Asian cultures - “modern” and “traditional.” Culture tells the importance of the different methods which lie in Frank Zappa’s “Marriage As a Dada Concept” and Amy Tan’s “Two Kinds.”  - Paul Lee 이풍호 시인