Paul Lee 이풍호English 472 Professor John Cleman March 4, 1992* Revised March 16, 1992--------------------------------------------------- The Role of Randolph in Henry James' "Daisy Miller: A Study"   The central character in Henry James' "Daisy Miller" is Daisy herself and in the story we see her through the eyes of Winterborne. As a central theme of "Daisy Miller," Winterborne attempts to discover how innocent Daisy really is. Every scene and every action are designed to further illuminate this question. Henry James creates a certain type of character early in the story and this character acts consistently throughout the story. In "Daisy Miller" Henry James introduces Randolph Miller as a minor character to suggest Daisy's characterization. Randolph's actions seem to be innocent. I will examine what role Randolph plays in "Daisy Miller" and in what ways and what degree he is as an American type.As a small boy about nine or ten, Randolph first appears in front of Winterborne who has finished his  Lee 2 breakfast and coffee in the garden. He is the child who is diminutive for his years and has an aged expression of countenance, a pale complexion, and sharp little features. (302) His spontaneous, inexperienced appearance and behavior contrary to the European attitude may remind us of uncivilized Huck in Mark Twain's The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn of Mark Twain. Unlike an ordinary European boy, Randolph wears "knickerbockers, with red stockings, which displayed his poor little spindleshanks; he also wore a brilliant red cravat. He carried in his hand a long alpenstock, the sharp point of which he thrust into everything that he approached - the flowerbeds, the garden-benches, the trains of the ladies' dresses" (302).Randolph is an American and maintains that the trouble with his teeth results from the "old Europe, climate, and hotels" (302). He says "American" candy is the "best" candy. To him, everything that is American seems better that anything European; he has no respect for European things but seems innocent. From the conversation between Winterborne and Randolph, the reader learns that Daisy's central situation is her arrival in Europe and that she is not fully adapted to the formalized rules of social behavior in Europe. James also  Lee 3 suggests that, consequently, Daisy is innocent and spontaneous by comparison with European society.A primary concern in most of James' novels is the contrast of American society and values with those in Europe. In "Daisy Miller" we can observe that Randolph is a typical American boy who acts naturally and he is more forward than the European youths would be. Randolph has no nervousness or shyness about approaching a stranger like Winterborne. James shows us, if we understand Randolph's attitudes as an American character, that we well understand Daisy's actions appearing throughout the story. Though young Randolph declares that "American men are the best." Here, we are sure that he frankly and strongly tells us the conceptual issues of American qualities, details, and social behaviors he favors. Daisy also tells Winterborne that "he doesn't like Europe. He wants to go back" (305).In conclusion, Randolph's role in "Daisy Miller" describes the ways and degree of an American type that shows Daisy Miller's social contrasts between the two cultures or two systems of values. As the story develops further, we can observe that Daisy approaches with the confidence of a person who has a certain amount of independence. In "Daisy Miller," James wrote on the theme of the contrasts between American and the European. His Lee 4 theme or idea on these American-European contrasts clearly shows through the characters. In the episodes of contrasts, we hear that Daisy tells Winterborne that Young Randolph has more freedom than his European boys do. Daisy also tells a story about one European boy who "always goes around with a teacher" (305). By this comment, we notice that Randolph seems to have more freedom than he needs in the European society. He acts more gaily, naturally, and honestly. And he seems more innocent and honest than any European boys do. Those virtues or qualities of young Randolph support Daisy Miller's innocence, natural spontaneity representing the significant type of American behaviors in "Daisy Miller." Lee 5  Works Cited Baym, Gottesman, et al. The Norton Anthology of AmericanLiterature, Vol. 2, 3rd Edition. New York: Norton,1989.