Paul LeeEnglish 101 Final ExamProfessor Mark (Buddy) Roberts3/10/1994 Letter of Introduction for Two Essays, “My Dear Sister” and “Korean Needlework: Mrs. Han Sang-su’s Traditional Embroidery”     In English 101 Composition class, I learned how to write essays on a various topics: reflective essays, expository essays and cultural significance. I have also experienced some reflective writings such as Tran Thi Nga’s “Letter to My Mother,” Raymond Carver’s “My Father’s Life” (that reminded me of my mother and father in South Korea and help me to write my first essay “Letter to My Sister”) and B.D. Love’s “Betrayed by Johnny Gomez.” For expository writings, in this composition class, I have read some stories such as Frank Zappa’s “Marriage As a Dada Concept” adapted from The Real Frank Zappa Book,  Amy Tan’s “Two Kinds” and Elaine Hedges’ “Quilts and Women’s Culture” (that inspired me to write my fifth essay of quarter, “Korean Needlework: Mrs. Han Sang-su’s Traditional Embroidery.”    For the final portfolios of this class, I chose two essays: “Letter to My Sister” for reflective essay and “Korean Needlework: Mrs. Han Sang-su’s Traditional Embroidery” for cultural significance instead reflective essay. “Letter to My Sister” is my letter, comparable with Nga’s “Letter to My Mother” in our textbook, Connections. This letter gives me a real communication with my sister, who is a writer and sends her poems for me to read. Through the revising period for my letter, I got real thrills to make it really work as a literary writing. My another reflective essay, “The Teacher Who Taught Me ‘Do the Right Thing’,” was an alternative selection for the best essays but I preferred to choose “Letter to My Sister” that makes me feel a family tie and nostalgia. The simplicity and content of the letter, especially, my sister’s poem (Morning Diary) I translated for this essay also fascinates me to choose as the best essay I wrote.    In writing and revising “Letter to My Sister,” I have learned how my family is important, how understanding topic is essential to write essays, and how continuous revising drafts is important and so on.     The second essay I chose, “Korean Needlework: Mrs. Han Sang-su’s Traditional Embroidery,” has the purpose to tell the reader how Mrs. Han’s needlework of Korean traditional embroidery bloomed in the Korean cultural circle. Her embroideries waked me up to understand and aware with a more close look about a specific field of Korean culture.    I am sure Hedges’ “Quilt and Woman’s Culture” influenced my essay, “Korean Needlework.” In this essay, I described my interest and cultural significance in Mrs. Han’s needlework. I could also see the similarities of Hedge’s story on ‘quilts’ and Mrs. Han’s ‘needlework’ according to the purposes of two artcrafts. They are women’s art and craft that can be used in the daily life. While Hedge’s analysis showed the purpose of quilts are various culturally, geographically and politically, the Korean traditional needleworks Mrs. Han practiced demonstrated that the “designs of the needleworks as the social status and religious background of the user” and they bring them “luck and a long, healthy life.”         Choosing Mrs. Han’s needlework for one of the best essays, what I learned from this essay is how Mrs. Han’s needlework plays a significant cultural role, representing Korean traditional embroidery in the present Korea. Revising this essay as Mr. Roberts commented to know more about the “designs,” I could rewrite draft and add some copies of symbolic designs to make better essay.    While I was revising drafts of two essays, “Letter to My Sister” and “Korean Needlework: Mrs. Han Sang-su’s Traditional Embroidery,” Mr. Roberts helped a lot with his reviewing comments and suggestions. He taught me to write and revise essays in more practical ways, declaring “Writing is rewriting” (as I have heard it before) and “Simplest is best.” I consider these powerful slogans as a new directions and lessons for writing and rewriting.  - Paul Lee 이풍호 시인