::나는 사랑하는 사람을 만나고 싶습니다 I desire to meet my lover just this time now:: 이젠 This time now 사랑하는 이를 만나고 싶네 I desire to meet my lover 하염없이 웃으며 with having interminable smile 우리 가진 꿈을 키워보고 싶네 I hope to grow our beautiful dream 허황되지 않으며 It's never fiction 진실히 아름다움을 키우는 only by cultivating our beauty 족히 행복한 삶으로 through the fullfillment by the happy life itself 더불어 만나고 싶네 to meet my lover in each  한 번 지는 태양이라면 If the sun set just only one 후대에게 밝은 태양을 더불어 넘겨주고 싶네 I desire to give the next generation the bright sun 지금 아픈 심장 속에 Now, into the my sore chest 커다란 꿈으로 발 들여놓아  after inviting a big dream 세상 떠나는 날 보람 있었다  when I shall depart from the earth, I wanna mutter " It's very worth life for me" 말 할 하고 싶은 일을 하고 싶네 I'll achieve the valuable works with enthusiasm  간절히, earnestly,  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PtIHBCuR-Q  ------------- ::Notice::   My new plan like below ::Open the alternative plan PRIMARY SCHOOL::  Now, I have no money except only during experience KNOW HOW and PASSION FOR THE LOVING CHILDREN I suggest your participating in this school by your self ! In our school Everyone is equal!! there is no a schoolmaster except negociation by parents, teachers, students similiar to PTA I needed below 1. Somebody who devote for the pure Donation the ground to build, persons who will buid the school with beautiful classrooms and beautiful garden, beautiful domitory etc..! 2. Volunteers for being the teachers who suggest no pay with having a Ph. D and having capacity bilingual in Korean and English &amp; free in age except having good health, mind, sprits no insisting religion, ideology 3. Specially, We always WELCOME YOU, ALL PROFESSORS!! 4. Volunteers for assistant to help the school's affairs everything for the children.. ::Students : primaryschool children from 2nd grade to 6th grade in the world having health, high level learning energy:: ::Curriculum:: 1. In our school, every class use 1st Korean 2nd English through all subjects. 2. Curriculum is very flexible! It will depends upon only students' level and Ss' suggestion and parents negotiations 3. Be emphasize items are below 1st, Holistic Education in basis on M.I(Multiple Intelligence) mixing many kinds of arts for the children's inward maturity 2nd, Individual approach Education 3rd, All of them will be focused the students' health in body, mental, &amp; students' merits