내가 살아있다  너가 사ㅏㄹ아있듯이 내가 살아있다 25일날 아침 첨음 떠오르는 생각은 생각은 점이다 점은 생각이다 너는 나의 생각이다 바다는 생각이다 홍무지는 옥토이다 그러면 4월은 황무지이다 “April is the cruellest month, breeding/ Lilacs out of the dead land, mixing/ Memory and desire, stirring/ Dull roots with spring rain./ Winter kept us warm, covering/ Earth in forgetful snow, feeding/ A little life with dried tubers./ Summer surprised us, coming over the Starnbergersee/ With a shower of rain; we stopped in the colonnade,/ And went on in the sunlight, into the Hofgarten,/ And drank coffee, and talked for an hour” (Eliot lines 1-11). In class we looked at the first few stanzas of Eliot’s The Waste Land and upon remembering that discussion, I felt the need to continue to argue my interpretation of the first stanza. The form of this first stanza suggests a continuous cycle, much like the seasons Eliot describes.  Ending the preceding line with the first work of the image creates a connectedness that mirrors the life cycle of the seasons:  none can occur unless preceded by the former with an invisible transition connecting the two.  By not ending each line when the original thought ends, Eliot allows for an easy transition into the next line, showing that no idea exists on its own. Using the title of this first section, “The Burial of the Dead,” we can see that the words in the first eleven lines produce dual meanings.  “April is the cruellest month, breeding/ Lilacs out of the dead land, mixing/ Memory and desire, stirring” (Eliot lines 1-3) may suggest a happy new awakening or the unwelcoming of life to come.  The idea that the lilacs mix memory and desire suggests both that April is cruel because it covers up the dead land with life that will ultimately die again and that April is cruel because it is the transition between death and life, preventing life to spring forth immediately after the period of death, in this case winter, ends.  These lines may also suggest that April is cruel because it covers up the dirt of a new burial, erasing the image of a new death and turning it into an old fact. The lines “Winter kept us warm, covering/ Earth in forgetful snow, feeding” (Eliot lines 5-6) may suggest both that winter covered up the death (in this case a deadened earth), allowing one’s eyes to focus only on the beauty and thus warm feeling of holiday and family that winter brings.  However, these lines may also refer back to a graveyard scene in which the snow covers up the freshly dug graves, blanketing the deceased and keeping them from view.    http://englit0570.wordpress.com/2011/04/26/the-burial-of-the-dead/